#OperationRadiation – The Video BANNED From Youtube. They Don’t Want You To Know What Is Coming.August 25, 2020

Logic Before Authority – June 16, 2020

—
#OperationRadiation T-Store: https://teespring.com/stores/operationradiation
#OperationRadiation 500 Business Cards “PUBLIC ALERT STYLE” to put on cars and hand out. Instructions: 
1. Go to: http://www.paypal.me/logicbeforeauthority
2. TYPE in the “Note” field your shipping address for the 500 red 2″1/2″ BY 2″ 1/2″ PUBLIC ALERT Cards to be shipped to.
3. Send $30 to me. This covers the printing of the cards and shipping. 
4. FINAL NOTES: There is no profit in the pricing for me. If you wish to donate any additional, just increase what you send by whatever you like or just send the $30. Either way is fine. I will submit the order for you and if needed provide an update via email or video.
5. IF you happen to want more than 1 set of 500 cards.. Submit a second paypal transaction. Easier for me to keep trace of.
This is where to donate any funds to fund the promotion of the video #OperationRadiation .
#OperationRadiation Money Pool: https://paypal.me/pools/c/8oxZtntnTU


James Corbett in Democracy DownJuly 25, 2020
James Corbett – The Corbett Report July 24, 2020
When I was in Mexico earlier this year, I was interviewed by Drew Media for “Democracy Down,” a documentary that explores the future of human organization in interviews with thought-leaders across the political and philosophical spectrum. Each week, they are releasing the lightly edited raw interviews for this project, and here is the interview they recorded with me.

—
VIDEO COURTESY: Drew Media / LBRY / YouTube
SHOW NOTES:
Drew Media on LBRY / Minds / Facebook
Who Is Bill Gates?
Episode 328 – The Bitcoin Psyop
Episode 230 – Social Engineering 101
José Delgado, implants, and electromagnetic mind control
How & Why Big Oil Conquered the World
Planned Parenthood Exposed
Century of Enslavement: The History of the Federal Reserve
YouTube Blacklists Federal Reserve Information. It’s Up To YOU To Spread It!
Source
Riots, Race, Religion and Revolution – The Truth About What is Happening In AmericaJune 9, 2020

E. Michael Jones – YouTube June 8, 2020


The Story of Influenza. An Important Tale to Tell Your Friends.May 15, 2020
No One To Vote For – May 14, 2020
It is highly recommended that readers use the following uncontroversial, historical detail as a (rather bland and unobtrusive) instrument that just might wake up those who are still sleeping.
The word “influenza” originated in Italy. The first record of this strange and inexplicable illness  occurred around the year 1580. As the phenomenon recurred, acute observers recognised that it tended to ‘pop up’ simultaneously in multiple locations, sometimes on multiple continents. In an effort to explain this cognitively dissonant fact, Italian ‘scientists’ examined sun-spot records and noticed that outbreaks always seemed to coincide with peaks of sun-spot activity.
Coronal Mass Ejection as seen by Solar Dynamics Observatory June 7, 2011. Click to enlarge
They understood that when the sun’s surface (or CORONA) was most active, there were mass-ejections from the sun that manifested as spectacular displays of the Aurora Borealis in northern climes and that there were also magnetic effects (or magnetic ‘waves’) from the sun that struck the earth with uncommon intensity at these times.

Thus the word “INFLUENZA became the name of this illness. “Influenza” being short for “Influenza delle stelle” …  INFLUENCE OF THE STARS.
So, by the early 1600s European scientists had worked out that the cause of the illness now known as ‘influenza’ was the effect of unusual magnetic waves impacting the human body.
This “flu” narrative was accepted throughout the 1700s and 1800s. There were multiple references to the illnesses brought on by the proliferation of telegraph communications and the installation of AC power grids in US cities. Some of the reported effects were very serious for the persons involved, listlessness, loss of energy, depression, headaches and much more*.
The ‘electric/magnetic’ causation narrative continued as a model for explaining ‘flu’ symptoms right up until about 1920 and the global catastrophe of 1918/19 that was ‘The Spanish Flu’.
THE SPANISH FLU
Again, this illness spread so fast that scientists could not explain the rate of contagion by human-to-human transfer of particles but it was the SECOND WAVE of Spanish Flu that killed tens of millions of people right across the world.

The US Surgeon General ordered a series of investigations into the nature of this disastrous contagion. One such series of experiments were conducted using 100 healthy volunteers from the US Navy by bringing them into close, controlled contact with patients suffering from the illness. A number of tests were repeatedly performed. Blood was extracted from the sick and injected into the volunteers. Patients spat into trays and the uninfected drank their sputum. Patients sneezed and coughed while volunteers, nose-to-nose, inhaled the droplets ejected as deeply as they could.

Doctors found, to the amazement of many, that NONE OF THE VOLUNTEERS GOT SICK. 

This ‘Influenza’ COULD NOT BE TRANSFERRED FROM ONE PERSON TO ANOTHER.

IT WAS NOT CONTAGIOUS.

Many scientists and thinkers of the day, such as Rudolf Steiner, declared that the apparent “contagion” was the result of simultaneous exposure to the new RADIO WAVES (electro-magnetic frequencies) that were being broadcast for the first time across almost the entire world.

Given that 50 million died, ELECTRICITY AS POTENTIAL CAUSE OF DEATH was not an idea that our finance rulers could allow the public at large to believe. This awareness was excluded from the public domain and the false ‘virus’ narrative was invented to explain ‘the flu’.

If the public had been allowed to think that electrical installations and the radiation thereof might KILL them, then the entire 20th Century couldn’t have happened. All plans for development, industrialisation and corporate profits involved electricity. The establishment needed another story.

They got it. The ‘virus’ narrative exactly mirrors the ‘new EMF’ narrative of causation of influenza. 

A virus keeps mutating. Our bodies adjust to the old virus/emf frequency and we are then OK until a new mutation/new frequency comes along.

People should be aware that:

1) As German New Medicine has been asserting since the 1980s, no virus has ever been isolated or purified from human tissue …. though it is easy to do this with viruses found on algae, for instance. GNM says that the ‘virus model’ for disease is fictional nonsense. Having read two of GNM’s publications on this subject, it is impossible to disagree.

2) ‘Electrical’ diseases (like influenza) appear to affect some individuals very badly and others hardly at all.
During the Spanish Flu it was noticed that the worst symptoms occurred in young, healthy people between the ages of about 20 and 35. They often did not die, but they suffered the most. I noticed this same phenomenon during the recent period of the COVID flus. Young adults got it worst. It was they who lost their senses of taste and smell, for instance, and were laid up in bed with fevers. 
In the early 1920s there is a record of a doctor writing a newspaper column wondering publicly if his advice to patients to “keep themselves healthy” might be bad advice given that being healthy made you most vulnerable to extreme suffering during this illness.

3) The fact that some were not vulnerable to the flu (did anyone notice during this year’s so-called-pandemic that one person in a family could fall hard to the illness whilst a sibling or parent in the same house did not catch it at all?) … this allowed the powerful, using Sigmund Freud as a mouthpiece, to declare that because only some were affected, then all claims of “electrical ailments” have purely psychological causes. They are illnesses of the imagination, hypnotically self-induced … they have no basis in physical reality.
…. and here we are today, collectively acting as though proximity to our neighbour might place us in mortal peril.

There is no debate re the good sense of this approach (even if such contagion was reality, this strategy for dealing with the illness is stupid). There is zero debate allowed regarding possible EMF causation to the recent pandemic.

… even though many experts, including Barry Trower, have clearly described the terrible dangers of the new system being constructed around us as we speak.
… even though we know that frequencies and intensities broadcast from the new masts are computer-controlled and we can be zapped by whatever chosen frequencies or intensities our rulers choose to use. The phone companies have completed their research on the effects of the broadcast signals but they refuse to share the data they have gleaned from experiments. 

Every new frequency is equivalent to a new virus. It will be alien to our body and our body will adjust to a new frequency in the normal way … by getting ill with “influenza”. 
The COVID-19 bull**** is an operation. 
Our rulers are pursuing an agenda and they will not stop now.

Something terrible is coming. The recent illness gave many victims ‘Hypoxia lite’ (their body’s haemoglobin could not fully absorb the oxygen they inhaled). The second wave will be way worse than the first. The first was a practice (a ” live exercise” as Pompeo called it). Illness, war, financial collapse, famine … anything is possible … but, whatever happens, expect it to be bad.

… we will soon endure the darkest hours before a new and wonderful dawn. We have collectively swallowed many barrels of poisonous, Satanic lies. 

However, we must be of good heart for soon we will know the truth and that truth will set the whole world free.
* P.S. The most important book written this century, so far, is surely Arthur Firstenberg’s “The Invisible Rainbow” from which most of the information in the above article was taken.
Every chapter contains breathtaking information (regarding all kinds of issues not mentioned above), information of which everybody should be aware.

Source 
Israeli Historian Discovers ‘6 Million’ Holocaust Figure Was Invented at Zionist Conference In 1944May 1, 2020
Eric Striker – The Unz Review April 30, 2020
Otto Adolf Eichmann on trial in 1962
Boston University’s director of the Elie Wiesel archive, Bar-Ilan University’s Institute of Holocaust Research historian Joel Rappel has discovered the origin of the infamous “6,000,000” number: a 1944 meeting of Zionist pioneering organizations in what is now known as the state of Israel.
For years, supporters of the Holocaust narrative have held that the number first appeared at the Nuremberg trials using highly discredited testimony by Auschwitz commandant Rudolf Hoss. The 6,000,000 figure was again repeated by Adolf Eichmann, who was kidnapped by the Mossad and forced to participate in an internationally televised 1962 show trial in Israel.
According to documents in the Central Zionist Archive, the first mention of the 6 million claim was at a meeting of high ranking Zionist political figures in Palestine on January 19th, 1944 — more than a year before the war in Europe ended and a census could be taken, and a year before the Red Army entered Auschwitz.
Rappel names Eliezer Unger, a Polish-Jew who helped lead the Hashomer Hadati religious Zionist youth organization, as the major figure in developing the count of Jews killed by the Nazis. Unger claimed to have escaped from his Polish ghetto through Eastern Europe. After arriving in Palestine, he stated his intention “to shock the entire world, all of humanity and our brothers the Children of Israel in particular.” Unger had no evidence for what he was saying, but he did not believe Rabbi Stephen Wise’s assertions in the international media in 1943 of 2 million Jews being killed was making enough of an impact.
After Unger met with the Jewish groups and got them all on the same page, Haaretz published a small article a few days later that for the first time put the 6 million figure on the record, preceding German military leaders tortured into making confessions after the war. It doesn’t appear that Unger mentioned anything about homicidal gas chambers.
The Haaretz article ends the revelation by quoting Eichmann’s chief prosecutor Gideon Hausner, who on the 6 million number stated: “In the consciousness of the nation the number 6 million has become sanctified. It’s not so simple to prove that. We did not use this number in any official document, but it became sanctified.” In other words, it’s a lie.
After decades of killing, imprisoning, firebombing and bankrupting Holocaust revisionists, it seems that the Jewish community is now being forced to recalibrate their narrative and give more and more ground. That they are now beginning to concede that the “6 million” is nothing more than Zionist propaganda is a major blow to the myth.
(Republished from National Justice by permission of author or representative)
Essential viewing: The most important video on covid 19 & 5GApril 13, 2020
whats really going on — YouTube April 7, 2020



Must See: Coronavirus, Noahide Laws, End Time – What’s UpMarch 24, 2020

Walter Veith & Martin Smith — What’s Up, Prof? March 22, 2020


“David Goldberg” Admitted he was Jewish AgentSeptember 6, 2019
henrymakow.com – Sept 5, 2019

—
A March 2019 recording establishes Goldberg’s loyalties. He wasn’t trying to save the goyim from Jewish fanatics who have taken control of the White House, as implied in later recordings. 
He was not murdered. He is a psyop.
There is no evidence he is a real person. His purpose was to tell the goyim they must fall into line. 
by Henry Makow PhD
In March “David Goldberg”, a Mossad-ADL psyop demanded Adam Green shut down his website, Know More Jews. Goldberg admitted Green was telling the truth about the Cabalist Jewish agenda and that was the problem.
“You are making too much sense to white people. You are making valid points. They are starting to put the puzzle pieces together. Shut it down, you cockroach.”
The Cabalist Jewish agenda is to enslave the goyim, he says. “We are chosen. We rule over you. Goyim, you are cattle to us. Israel is your authority.”
 
Continues …
Anne Frank Diary Fraud Finally AdmittedApril 3, 2019
Der Himmelstern – Jan 24, 2016
Anne Frank. Click to enlarge
Finally, the long time fraud of Anne Frank’s diary was publicly admitted by the Anne Frank Foundation. Anne Frank’s diary was co-authored by her father and thus the credibility of the diary ultimately comes to an end.
The official admissions from the Anne Frank Foundation, and the evidence of two distinct handwritings:
The Basel, Switzerland, Anne Frank Fonds (Anne Frank Fund), which controls the copyright to the Diary of Anne Frank, has admitted that the book was in fact at least co-authored by Otto Frank, Anne’s father, after the war.
The admission proves that the book, which is still heavily promoted as a “holocaust memoir”, is in fact largely a postwar fabrication which contained parts of the young Anne’s diary with extensive additions added by her father. This is obvious from even a cursory look at the actual diary. See, for example, the image below of two pages from the diary, which shows both Anne’s real youthful handwriting and her father’s obviously adult handwriting, although he signs his entries as “Anne Frank.”
Click to enlarge
Normal copyright on books extends only 70 years after the author’s death. As Anne Frank died of typhus in Bergen Belsen in February 1945, the book theoretically entered the public domain in February 2015. But, as the New York Times went on to say, the Anne Frank Fonds has now decided to try to extend copyright on the book past the 70 year cut-off period by admitting that Otto Frank, who died in 1980, was indeed a “co-author” after all.
Foundation officials “should think very carefully about the consequences“, said Agnès Tricoire, a lawyer in Paris who specializes in intellectual property rights in France, where critics have been the most vociferous and are organizing a challenge. “If you follow their arguments, it means that they have lied for years about the fact that it was only written by Anne Frank.“
Otto Frank. Click to enlarge
The BIC ballpoint pen impossibility:
People already knew that the dairy was written with a BIC ballpoint pen, which was only a prototype at that time and was in no way industrialized, let alone sold on the market. They were commercialized in 1951. This already permitted many people to determine the book to be a fraud as it was physically impossible for Anne Frank to write the diary with a BIC ballpoint pen, unless she was capable of traveling through time, to the future and then return with such a writing medium…


Simon G. Sheppard, author of Anne Frank’s Novel: The Diary is a Fraud, even goes a step further claiming;   “Annelies Marie Frank never kept a diary. What she called her ‘diary’ was a collection of sketches, fictional stories and fantasy letters to the eight members of her imaginary “club.” In 1944 she rewrote the lot, calling it a novel (“een roman”), but this was translated in the Diary to “a romance.” Otto Frank lied when he insisted he had not intended to publish it. First published in 1998, this is the most rigorous debunking of the Anne Frank Diary ever published, and revised in 2001 to include some recent developments in this ongoing saga.”
Conclusion:
Otto Frank, the father of Anne Frank made millions out of the death of her daughter. This is a disgusting display of macabre money making, thus by doing so he shows no respect for her daughter or her memory, while non-Jews are supposed to cry out for the faked, fantasized stories this man made up. I truly hope this new victory of truth will open the eyes of many about the genuine nature of holocaust propaganda, and how morally bankrupt this myth is.
Well be to you all,
Hail Victory,
Der Himmelstern
Sources:
solargeneral.org/anne-frank-di…
www.nytimes.com/2015/11/14/boo…
northerntruthseeker.blogspot.b…
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bic_Cris…
archive.org/details/DiaryOfAnn…
www.amazon.co.uk/Anne-Franks-N…
www.darkmoon.me/2017/jews-thro…
Source
The Truth About the Deep StateSeptember 19, 2018
by Jake Morphonios — Blackstone Intelligence Network Sept 16, 2018
This 30 minute video is a good primer to share with friends and family who think YOU are a crazy “conspiracy theorist”. The information in this video is detailed and methodical. It explains what the “deep state” is and how it operates – including real examples from known US politicians who are part of the Deep State. Share this video with your friends and family.

Source 
Sandy Hook – David Wheeler Exposed as Actor and Fake FBI SniperJuly 17, 2018

News Paradigm — July 11, 2018


Recomended Reading: The Peculiar Similarities between 9-11 and the Assassination of RFKJune 21, 2018
Christopher Bollyn — bollyn.com June 5, 2018
Sen. Robert F. Kennedy at the Ambassador Hotel shortly before he was ushered into the pantry where he was shot.
The Zionist-controlled media pretends that the truth about the murder of Robert F. Kennedy is “out of our reach.” Why would they maintain this absurd position?
“The truth appears to be out of our reach.”
– Tony Dokoupil, “Who Killed RFK?” CBS News, May 28, 2018
“In the three years since 9-11, we’ve begun to understand that it’s possible to know what happened without knowing what happened.”
– “The Public Knowledge of 9-11”, New York Times, September 11, 2004
The murder of Sen. Robert F. Kennedy (RFK), the leading presidential candidate when he was shot in Los Angeles on June 5, 1968, profoundly changed American history. The RFK murder case, in which a Palestinian immigrant was blamed, has several similarities with the assassination of the senator’s brother, President John F. Kennedy in 1963, and the terrorist attacks of 9-11 three decades later. If we examine the peculiar characteristics these crimes have in common, what will it reveal about the culprits? If we find a high degree of commonality linking these political atrocities is it possible to deduce something about the nature of the criminal network behind them? Are we dealing with different criminal networks, or one? Is it domestic or foreign?
These three crimes are similar in several ways. On the general level each crime was in effect a coup that radically changed American political history through violence. The murder of John F. Kennedy abruptly ended a progressive and popular presidency; the assassination of Sen. Robert F. Kennedy prevented JFK’s reform-minded crime-fighting brother from becoming president; and the terror attacks of 9-11 ushered in a radical policy coup and a new era focused on waging the fraudulent War on Terror, an Israeli stratagem to rule the Middle East.
Another shared characteristic is that these crimes were all false-flag deceptions in which a fall guy was scapegoated to conceal a more elaborate crime. Lee Harvey Oswald, Sirhan Bishara Sirhan, and Osama bin Laden are the “lone gunmen” blamed for the crimes in the official narratives. In spite of ample evidence clearly disproving the official stories, to this day the mainstream media promotes the false narratives.
In all three cases official investigations were set up to support the false narrative. The agencies involved in the investigations participated in the confiscation and destruction of evidence that challenged their story. Likewise, in each case the controlled media failed to conduct its own investigation and ignored irrefutable evidence that disproves the official story. The media cover-ups have gone on for decades in spite of well-documented evidence, such as the autopsy report of Sen. Robert F. Kennedy which clearly proves he was killed by a second shooter behind him.  How is it that decades go by without the truth coming out in the media; without the evidence being discussed? Who has the power to exercise such control over the media?
The autopsy of Robert Kennedy clearly shows that the fatal shot was fired from directly behind the senator, while Sirhan Sirhan was several feet in front of him.
This means the false narratives are being protected to allow the secret cabal behind these crimes to avoid being exposed and prosecuted. This has been going on for more than fifty years, which means the criminal terrorist network responsible for all three atrocities remains in power and is able to carry out similar crimes whenever it wants – and it does. The cabal behind the murders of the Kennedys and 9-11 is still in power at the highest levels of our government and media. This is why it is extremely important that the criminal network responsible for these heinous crimes be identified.
“SIRHAN DID NOT KILL MY FATHER.”
The fact that Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. has spoken out and is calling for an investigation into the assassination of his father fifty years ago is commendable. His doubts about who really murdered his father were published in a Washington Post article on May 26, entitled “Who killed Bobby Kennedy? His son RFK Jr. doesn’t believe it was Sirhan Sirhan.”
“There were too many bullets,” Kennedy Jr. said. “You can’t fire 13 shots out of an eight-shot gun.” Furthermore, as the article reported, “Kennedy was shot at point-blank range from behind, including a fatal shot behind his ear. But Sirhan, a 24-year-old Palestinian immigrant, was standing in front of him. Was there a second gunman? The debate rages to this day.”
It should be clear that we are not really talking about a raging debate, but rather a media and government cover-up of well-documented facts.  Los Angeles Coroner Thomas Noguchi conducted the official autopsy on the body of Robert Kennedy on the morning of June 6, 1968, and found that the shot that killed RFK “had entered through the mastoid bone, an inch behind the right ear and had traveled upward to sever the branches of the superior cerebral artery.”
Noguchi wrote about the murder in a book entitled Coroner (1983), in which he said, “Until more is precisely known…the existence of a second gunman remains a possibility. Thus, I have never said that Sirhan Sirhan killed Robert Kennedy.”
Paul Schrade, a member of the Kennedy entourage, has been trying since 1974 to persuade authorities to reinvestigate the case and identify the second gunman.  Robert Kennedy, Jr. has joined forces with Schrade in calling for a new investigation. “The fact that Robert Kennedy Jr. would say, ‘Sirhan did not kill my father,'” Schrade told the Boston Globe, “I think that’s very effective.”
“Yes, he did shoot me. Yes, he shot four other people and aimed at Kennedy,” Schrade said about Sirhan. “The important thing is he did not shoot Robert Kennedy. Why didn’t they go after the second gunman? They knew about him right away. They didn’t want to know who it was. They wanted a quickie.”
In a statement to the author of “Who Killed Bobby? The Unsolved Murder of Robert F. Kennedy,” before Sirhan’s parole hearing in 2016, Schrade said:
The LAPD and LA DA knew two hours after the fatal shooting of Robert Kennedy that he was shot by a second gunman and they had conclusive evidence that Sirhan Bishara Sirhan could not and did not do it. The official record shows that [the prosecution at Sirhan’s trial] never had one witness – and had no physical nor ballistic evidence – to prove Sirhan shot Robert Kennedy.
Evidence locked up for 20 years shows that the LAPD destroyed physical evidence and hid ballistic evidence exonerating Sirhan, and covered up conclusive evidence that a second gunman fatally wounded Robert Kennedy.
In calling for a new investigation into the murder of his father, Robert Kennedy, Jr. is like the relatives of the 9-11 victims who want a proper forensic investigation of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. The fact that none of these cases were properly investigated from the beginning is the first shared characteristic; in all three cases there was flagrant tampering and outright destruction of evidence. Who is being protected by the failure to investigate the evidence from these crimes? Who has the power to control and corrupt such investigations?
Another peculiar similarity is that the Ambassador Hotel, where RFK was killed, and the World Trade Center were both owned by Zionist Jews who had very high-level connections to the state of Israel. In both cases the ownership of the building also appears to have played a key role in the crime. In the case of World Trade Center, having control of the property allowed the terrorists to prepare the buildings for the explosive demolitions that occurred on 9-11. Larry Silverstein, former national director of the United Jewish Appeal (UJA), a major funding operation for Israel, obtained control of the Twin Towers about five weeks before 9-11. For years prior to 9-11, Silverstein had regular weekly phone calls with Israel’s prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu, the godfather of the War on Terror, which began as a result of the false-flag terror attacks. What were Netanyahu and Silverstein talking about every Sunday afternoon?
The Ambassador Hotel was owned by J. Myer Schine who was connected to the Jewish Mob and the Henry Crown family.
The Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles was owned by Junius Myer Schine, father-in-law of Lester Crown, son of Henry Crown (born Krinsky), the largest shareholder of General Dynamics, a leading defense contractor. Henry Crown was a high-level Zionist agent who sent an aircraft manufacturing plant to Israel in the early 1950s in violation of U.S. law.  The factory he sent to Israel illegally became the original Israel Aircraft Industries (IAI) plant.  The Crown family is also connected to both Kennedy assassinations and the 9-11 cover-up. (See: “JFK and 9-11: Henry Crown and the Cover-Ups of Our Time“)
Under Myer Schine’s ownership the Ambassador Hotel hosted the gambling operations of Mickey Cohen, the West Coast lieutenant of Jewish mob boss Meyer Lansky. U.S. Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy had been involved in the prosecution of Cohen in which he was convicted for tax evasion and sent to Alcatraz in 1961. Who arranged for Kennedy to use the Ambassador Hotel?
The Ambassador Hotel had been Mickey Cohen’s base of operations in the late 1940’s when he became friends with the Jewish terrorist leader Menachem Begin who was hiding out in Los Angeles after a terrorist bombing in Palestine.
The Jewish gangster Mickey Cohen is not only connected to the Ambassador Hotel and the Santa Anita Racetrack, where Sirhan worked and gambled on the horses. Most notably, Cohen is also closely connected to Menachem Begin, former head of the terrorist gang, the Irgun, who was in position to take advantage of his relationship with Cohen to infiltrate his criminal network, which would include being able to set up Sirhan the Palestinian to be the Manchurian Candidate fall guy in the assassination of Bobby Kennedy.  How neat.
The fact that the hotel was owned by Myer Schine, whose family was closely connected to Israeli intelligence, could explain how Sirhan, an armed stranger, was allowed to loiter in the hotel pantry for thirty minutes while Bobby Kennedy was speaking to a crowd in the adjacent room. Why would Sirhan linger in the pantry if his goal was simply to kill Kennedy? Why wouldn’t he pass through the corridor and approach the candidate on the podium from behind? Why wait in the pantry when there was no plan for Kennedy to come that way? Who was choreographing the movements of Sirhan – and Kennedy?
Who was the hidden hand guiding Robert Kennedy into the pantry where Sirhan was waiting? Click to enlarge
As the author of “I Was There When Robert F. Kennedy Died” wrote:
Later, after events began to wind down, I remembered the strange incident where Frank Mankiewicz was insistent that Bobby leave through the kitchen, rather than the ballroom. I discreetly asked others who had campaigned with him for a long time if it made any sense that Bobby would leave through the kitchen rather than through his crowd of supporters and they all said RFK preferred to walk through a crowd after a speech. Neither at the time—nor for many years afterward—did I mention the incident that I witnessed, nor did I see any published accounts anywhere explaining why Bobby went through the kitchen.
Frank Mankiewicz, who had previously served as a West Coast director for the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith, worked with the Kennedy campaign. Why did Mankiewicz insist that Kennedy go through the pantry, where Sirhan was waiting with a loaded gun?  What kind of hotel security would allow an armed stranger to loiter in the kitchen for a half-hour with a presidential candidate speaking in the next room?
The fact that the Ambassador Hotel and the World Trade Center were owned and controlled by individuals with high-level connections to Israel is very significant. This makes it possible to consider that Israeli agents could have taken advantage of these connections to carry out both false-flag operations. This would explain the use of an apparently mind-controlled Palestinian as the fall guy and the universal reluctance of the mainstream media to look beyond the official story. This would also explain the position of Zionist-controlled media outlets such as CBS News (controlled by Leslie Moonves, the great-nephew of David Ben Gurion, Israel’s founding father) and the New York Times that we will never know what happened. They want us to think that the truth is “out of our reach” because if the truth were known it would mean the end of the Zionist project.
Sources and recommended reading:
“JFK and 9-11: Henry Crown and the Cover-Ups of Our Time“ Christopher Bollyn, November 7, 2013
Source 
At Heroin’s Source, Taliban Do What ‘Just Say No’ Could NotMarch 20, 2018
Barry Bearak – New York Times May 24, 2001
This has been heroin’s great heartland, where the narcotic came to life as an opium resin taken from fragile buds of red and white poppies. Last year, 75 percent of the world’s opium crop was grown in Afghanistan, with the biggest yield sprouting from here in the fertile plains of the country’s south, sustained by the meander of the Helmand River.
But something astonishing has become evident with this spring’s harvest. Behind the narrow dikes of packed earth, the fields are empty of their most profitable plant. Poor farmers, scythes in hand, stoop among brown stems.
Mile after mile, there is only a dry stubble of wheat to cut from the lumpy soil.
Last July, the ruling Taliban banned the growing of poppies as a sin against the teachings of Islam. The edict was issued by Mullah Muhammad Omar, referred to as Amir-ul-Momineen, the supreme leader of the faithful.
Almost every farmer complied, some grudgingly, some not. ”Even if it means my children die, I will obey my amir,” said Nur Ali, sitting in his fields, sipping tea. Like most Afghan men, he wore a turban coiled around his head like a holy bandage. ”And the day my amir says I can grow poppy again, I will do that too,” he said.
The world is unused to good news coming from Afghanistan, known these days as a womb for global jihad and an unsafe preservation site for Buddhist statues.
But American narcotics officials who visited the country confirmed earlier United Nations reports that the Taliban had, in one growing season, managed a rare triumph in the long and losing war on drugs. And they did it without the usual multimillion-dollar aid packages that finance police raids, aerial surveillance and crop subsidies for farmers.
”We used a soft approach,” said Abdul Hamid Akhundzada, who heads the Taliban’s anti-poppy program. ”When there were violations, we plowed the fields. At most, violators spent a few days in jail, until they paid for the plowing.”
The Taliban, of course, are not considered softies. They whip women for exposing flesh at midcalf. They jail men for trimming their beards. They hold public executions in stadiums full of cheering people.
But this spring’s poppy crop seems to have died a relatively quiet death.
”No one dared disobey,” said Saleh Muhammad Agha, a farmer with seven children and a meager wheat field. ”If they catch you, they blacken your face and march you through the bazaars with a string of poppies around your neck.”
The ban was carried out through the chain of command. The wisdom of the Holy Koran guided Mullah Omar. He in turn communicated with his provincial governors, who informed their district administrators. The administrators then explained the ban to local mullahs and tribal elders, who passed the news to the farmers.
Violators were few. In the village of Loay Bagh, one elderly man tried to conceal his poppies in a patch of onions. The camouflage proved inadequate.
”He apologized, and we plowed his field and did nothing else,” said Mullah Shah Wali, the administrator in Nadali District. He was seated on the roof of his headquarters, not far from a 35-millimeter antiaircraft gun. He eagerly showed off his right leg, atrophied from a war wound.
Haji Din Muhammad, a tribal elder in the village of Passao, owns 150 acres. His land is nourished by an irrigation system built a half century ago with American aid. Poppies were his best crop, and he still sees nothing wrong with them. After all, he said, he just grew the drugs. He never urged anyone to use them.
”But I have readily accepted the ban,” he insisted, seated on a fine carpet that only a wealthy man could afford. His four wives — the maximum allowed under Islamic law — were busy with his 18 children. ”I would never go against Amir-ul-Momineen. And I have no fear. God will provide.”
Mullah Omar hails from southern Afghanistan, where the Taliban began their conquest of the country in 1994 as a ragtag group of students and mullahs. They first fought against local warlords who had busied themselves with thievery, rape and murder. The Taliban took Kabul, the capital, in 1996, and they now control 80 to 90 percent of the country. While their stern version of Islam often encounters resentment in the cities, they remain heroes in the countryside.
Most farmers think of Mullah Omar as an Allah-appointed savior whose religious zeal has prompted the poppy ban even in the face of mass hardship it would cause.
The country is in the fourth year of a calamitous drought. More than one million people face an ”unbridgeable” shortage of food and water before summer’s end, according to the United Nations. The relatively drought-resistant poppy would have provided some of them with vital income. Instead they have parched and stunted wheat.
”A lot of us simply left the land untilled,” said Ghulam Muhammad in the village of Shin. ”The harvest can’t make up for the costs of the planting.”
Poppy was not only profitable; it spread the money around. The work was labor intensive. Landowners had to hire field hands to turn the soil and collect the opium paste. The ban has denied jobs to hundreds of thousands.
Many of these laborers have now fled to Pakistan or Iran or the huge camps that have filled up like arenas near the city of Herat. Others are found eating roots and grass. In some villages, flour is considered too precious to be used in bread; it lasts longer if mixed with water and cooked as a soup.
”The only money in my life is the money I owe,” said a weathered old man named Jamaluddin. He was tarrying around a wheat field, hoping to trade a few hours of work for a cup of tea. ”Life is unbearable,” he said.
International reaction to the poppy ban has largely been skeptical.
Inspection teams, including the American one, have found little or no poppy. But many critics question the Taliban’s motives. In earlier years, the poppy harvest had multiplied. Why did Mullah Omar finally now decide to just say no?
Some suspect political artifice: only three nations, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, officially recognize the Taliban as a government. Perhaps the poppy ban was a push for legitimacy.
Recent swoons in opium prices are also mentioned. The Taliban stopped poppy cultivation, but they have not outlawed the drug’s possession or sale. Stockpiles exist. With the price quadrupling, and more, Mullah Omar’s edict has handed some a windfall.
But aid workers in Afghanistan tend to regard the ban as straightforward and commendable. ”Most anyone else would have said: we’ll do this if you’ll do that,” said Leslie Oqvist, coordinator for the United Nations regional office in Kandahar. ”But the Taliban acted unilaterally, and now they’re rightfully concerned that no assistance is forthcoming.”
Taliban officials stress that the poppy ban is rooted in religious principles and not in any quid pro quo. Nevertheless, they are well aware that wealthier nations often gratefully compensate third world allies in the drug war. American assistance to Colombia, Peru and Bolivia is mentioned by example.
”A fair reply to what we have done would have been some acknowledgment of the achievement,” said Mullah Muhammad Hassan, the governor of Kandahar Province and one of the Taliban’s top figures. Like many of the leaders, he was maimed in the 1980’s in the jihad against Soviet troops here. Mullah Omar lost an eye in the war; Mullah Hassan drags a peg along the floor instead of a right leg.
”Our people are very needy,” the governor said, speaking softly but pointedly. ”They have given up the poppy crop, and timely financial assistance is very important.”
Little aid has arrived for the poppy farmers. Last week, Secretary of State Colin L. Powell announced a $43 million grant for drought relief in Afghanistan. His statement mentioned ”those farmers who have felt the ban on poppy cultivation, a decision by the Taliban that we welcome.”
But most of that money is likely to be directed to emergency food and shelter. Torn by war hunger, Afghanistan is a bottomless well of need, and poppy farmers will become poppy refugees unless they find something else to plant that will feed their families.
”People require seed, fertilizer and pesticides — the things that will again make them successful farmers,” said Bernard Frahi, who oversees the Afghanistan situation for the United Nations Drug Control Program. ”We must provide roads, water and bridges or the poppy will come back.”
But the betting is that the ban will hold up. On a dusty lane in Kandahar, where a few dozen narrow stalls make up the city’s main opium bazaar, the traders not only talk of the poppy farmer in the past tense, but also themselves as well.
”It’s obvious our stocks are going down, and they won’t be replaced,” said Muhammad Sadiq, a drug dealer in a gold prayer cap. He sat with a handful of friends, all of them pouring tea out of small green pots.
The smarter traders, like Mr. Sadiq, have squirreled away their opium and now have the look of men watching straw spun into gold. Last year, a kilo (2.2 pounds) of the drug sold for $110; now it is as high as $500.
Mr. Sadiq reached behind a hanging white blanket at the rear of his stall and opened two metal chests. Inside were heavy bags of opium stuffed into heavy brown plastic. He pulled a few out.
”The days of the poppy in Afghanistan are over,” he said. ”Opium will get scarcer, the price will get higher. I’m holding on to this as long as I can.”
Source
CEO of MGM Grand – Which OWNS Mandalay Bay Casino Hotel Where Shooting Took Place – SOLD-OFF HIS MGM STOCK in the weeks before the attack!October 9, 2017
Hal Turner Radio Show — Oct 5, 2017

MGM Grand owns Mandalay Bay Casino Hotel in Las Vegas, from where a shooter attacked a nearby Country Music Festival, killing 59 and injuring 527.  The Chief Executive Officer of MGM Grand, James Murren, suddenly began selling-off his MGM Grand Stocks in the weeks BEFORE the attack took place!  Why?
Did James Murren have prior knowledge that this attack was going to take place?  Did he know that the value of MGM Grand stocks would plummet after the attack, and so he cashed-out before the attack happened?
MGM Resorts International (NYSE: MGM) CEO James Murren sold 294,150 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, September 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $34.08, for a total transaction of $10,024,632.00.
Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 71,442 shares in the company, valued at $2,434,743.36.
Click to enlarge
The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, can be seen in the image below (Click to enlarge) and can also be taken directly from the US Securities Exchange Commission website which can be accessed through this link.
On Thursday, September 7th, James Murren sold 259,760 shares of MGM Resorts International stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $34.19, for a total transaction of $8,881,194.40.
On Wednesday, August 9th, James Murren sold 57,269 shares of MGM Resorts International stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $31.54, for a total transaction of $1,806,264.26.
On Monday, July 31st, James Murren sold 57,269 shares of MGM Resorts International stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $33.05, for a total transaction of $1,892,740.45.
Why did James Murren start dumping large amounts of his own company’s stock weeks before the attack?  Some are wondering if it may be because he had prior knowledge the attack was to take place.
OK feds, do your stuff: Investigate!
 In the meantime, folks who hold stock in MGM Grand may wish to ask themselves if continuing to hold this stock is a smart move? Now that this information is out, it is likely that many, many people may choose to distance themselves from this corporation . . .  and we all know what happens when folks start “distancing themselves” from a particular stock — the value tends to PLUMMET.
Source 
Proof Las Vegas Shooting Was a FALSE FLAG Attack – Shooter on 4th FloorOctober 3, 2017

End Times Report — Oct 3, 2017


REPOST: US ‘backed plan to launch chemical weapon attack on Syria, blame it on Assad govt’ – ReportApril 8, 2017

ANI — Jan 30, 2013
The Obama administration gave green signal to a chemical weapons attack plan in Syria that could be blamed on President Bashar al Assad‘s regime and in turn, spur international military action in the devastated country, leaked documents have shown.
A new report, that contains an email exchange between two senior officials at British-based contractor Britam Defence, showed a scheme ‘approved by Washington’.
As per the scheme ‘Qatar would fund rebel forces in Syria to use chemical weapons,’ the Daily Mail reports.
Continues … 
Introduction — June 14, 2013 Updated April 8, 2017
If there wasn’t enough to confirm that the corporate media was in lockstep with the authorities, the above report is based on a story that appeared the day before in the UK’s Daily Mail.
A more detailed and extensive report, it quoted emails between two senior officials at Britam Defence where a scheme ‘approved by Washington’ is outlined explaining how Qatar would fund rebel forces in Syria to use chemical weapons.
In fact the Daily Mail’s report was based on a story by Paul Joseph Watson that first appeared on Infowars.com.
The Daily Mail report has since been scrubbed from the Mail’s server. Fortunately however, the appropriately named Black Vault website copied the report before it disappeared down the memory hole.
It is now all the more pertinent given the recent U.S. strike on Syria. The U.S. president may have changed but Trump is still following his predecessors’s agenda.
The leaked email was allegedly sent from a top official at a British defense contractor regarding a ‘Washington approved’ chemical attack in Syria which could be blamed on Assad’s regime
U.S. ‘backed plan to launch chemical weapon attack on Syria and blame it on Assad’s regime’
By Louise Boyle — Daily Mail Jan 29, 2013

Leaked emails have allegedly proved that the White House gave the green light to a chemical weapons attack in Syria that could be blamed on Assad’s regime and in turn, spur international military action in the devastated country.
A report released on Monday contains an email exchange between two senior officials at British-based contractor Britam Defence where a scheme ‘approved by Washington’ is outlined explaining that Qatar would fund rebel forces in Syria to use chemical weapons.
Barack Obama made it clear to Syrian president Bashar al-Assad last month that the U.S. would not tolerate Syria using chemical weapons against its own people.
According to Infowars.com, the December 25 email was sent from Britam’s Business Development Director David Goulding to company founder Philip Doughty.
It reads: ‘Phil… We’ve got a new offer. It’s about Syria again. Qataris propose an attractive deal and swear that the idea is approved by Washington.
‘We’ll have to deliver a CW to Homs, a Soviet origin g-shell from Libya similar to those that Assad should have.
‘They want us to deploy our Ukrainian personnel that should speak Russian and make a video record.
‘Frankly, I don’t think it’s a good idea but the sums proposed are enormous. Your opinion?
‘Kind regards, David.’
Britam Defence had not yet returned a request for comment to MailOnline.
The emails were released by a Malaysian hacker who also obtained senior executives resumés and copies of passports via an unprotected company server, according to Cyber War News.
Dave Goulding’s Linkedin profile lists him as Business Development Director at Britam Defence Ltd in Security and Investigations. A business networking profile for Phil Doughty lists him as Chief Operationg Officer for Britam, United Arab Emirates, Security and Investigations.
The U.S. State Department had not returned a request for comment on the alleged emails to MailOnline today at time of publication.
However the use of chemical warfare was raised at a press briefing in D.C. on January 28.
A spokesman said that the U.S. joined the international community in ‘setting common redlines about the consequences of using chemical weapons’.
A leaked U.S. government cable revealed that the Syrian army more than likely had used chemical weapons during an attack in the city of Homs in December.
The document, revealed in The Cable, revealed the findings of an investigation by Scott Frederic Kilner, the U.S. consul general in Istanbul, into accusations that the Syrian army used chemical weapons in the December 23 attack.
An Obama administration official who had access to the document was reported as saying: ‘We can’t definitely say 100 per cent, but Syrian contacts made a compelling case that Agent 15 was used in Homs on Dec. 23.’
Mr Kilner’s investigation included interviews with civilians, doctors, and rebels present during the attack, as well as the former general and head of the Syrian WMD program, Mustafa al-Sheikh.
Dr. Nashwan Abu Abdo, a neurologist in Homs, is certain chemical weapons were used. He told The Cable: ‘It was a chemical weapon, we are sure of that, because tear gas can’t cause the death of people.’
Eye witness accounts from the investigation revealed that a tank launched chemical weapons and caused people exposed to them to suffer nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, delirium, seizures, and respiratory distress.
The symptoms suggest that the weaponized compound Agent-15 was responsible. Syria denied using chemical weapons and said it would never use them against citizens.
Speaking to Pentagon reporters at the time, Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said his biggest concern was how the U.S. and allies would secure the chemical and biological weapons sites scattered across Syria and ensure the components don’t end up in the wrong hands if the regime falls, particularly under violent conditions.
Government forces and rebels in Syria have both been accused by human rights groups of carrying out brutal warfare in the 22-month-old conflict, which has claimed more than 60,000 lives.
 
Source 
Do John and Tony Podesta Have a Connection with Missing Child, Madeleine McCann?November 23, 2016
Jim — Victurus Libertas Nov 2016


I would like to take a moment to thank all of the followers of Victurus Libertas.  Thank you for all of your information, all of your help in researching, all of your comments and suggestions.  I got part of the following information from a follower of VL on Facebook.  It was further verified by an insider and more information has been added by other insiders, as well.
This may blow your mind.  Of all the conspiracies the “conspiracy theorists” have come up with in the past several years, they never even came up with anything CLOSE to the reality of what is really going on-  worldwide.
From Wikileaks, we have learned that it is very likely John Podesta (Hillary’s long time friend and currently her campaign manager) and brother, Tony Podesta, are actively very involved in a child sex ring that is literally world wide.  The leaked emails reveal numerous conversations among multiple high up politicians, elites and world figures using code names for “little girls”, “young girls”, “little boys”, “young boys”, “people of ethnicity”, “sperm” and other disgusting sexual oriented words.
Those things along with many other clues from Wikileaks, NYPD and the FBI point to child sex trafficking- possibly including kidnapping and murdering of children for ritualistic purposes.
Interesting Photo Has Emerged
I know that was a long introduction, but I just wanted to make sure everyone is caught up, and it allowed me to explain how we arrived to this point.  I received this picture from a VL follower on FB:
The picture to the left is allegedly involving a child named Madeleine Beth McCann, who has been missing from Portugal since the evening of May 3, 2007, only days after her 4th birthday…  and John Podesta, pictured next to the girl, who looks very similar to the progressive pictures the police have released.
Abduction of Madeleine McCann
According to progressive police sketches, the picture to the right is what Madeleine may have looked like in 2013.
According to information online:
Madeleine Beth McCann (born 12 May 2003) disappeared on the evening of 3 May 2007 from her bed in a holiday apartment in Praia da Luz, a resort in the Algarve region of Portugal, sparking what one newspaper called “the most heavily reported missing-person case in modern history”. Her whereabouts remain unknown.
Madeleine was on holiday from the UK with her parents, Kate and Gerry McCann, her younger twin siblings, and a group of family friends and their children. She and the twins had been left asleep at 20:30 in the ground-floor apartment, while the McCanns and friends dined in a restaurant 50 metres (160 ft) away. The parents checked on the children throughout the evening, until Madeleine’s mother discovered she was missing at 22:00.
Clement Freud’s Praia da Luz Mansion
Clement Freud’s mansion where the Podesta’s stayed. Click to enlarge
This is the $1 million mansion belonging to Clement Freud, that sits only 1/3 of a mile from where Madeleine was abducted.   While searching for their daughter, the McCann’s were invited to this house many times by Freud, claiming it would get them out of the glaring media.
Freud reportedly wrote the McCann’s a letter, inviting them for lunch at the villa in July 2007:
“I have a house in P da L,” he wrote. “Been ashamed of the intrusion into your lives by our media and if you would care to come to lunch/dinner at any time before Wednesday next, do ring and let me know. I cook decent meals.”
At one of their visits to the mansion, Mrs. McCann has been quoted as saying:  “He gave me one of his looks and a giant glass of brandy, and managed to get a smile out of me with his greeting: ‘So Kate, which of the devout Catholic, alcoholic, depressed, nymphomaniac parts is correct?’ “
Freud’s Kidnappings and Molestations
Click to enlarge
Freud’s mansion’s location to where Madeleine was abducted is shown on the map to the right.
Later, at least 3 women began coming out with stories of Freud abusing them.  The women Freud molested have horrific stories of physical molestation beginning when they were just 10, 11 and 14 years old.
One of Freud’s victims, Vicky Hayes, has claimed Freud groomed her from the age of 14 and at the age of 17, he violently raped her.  She said he plied her with champagne and took her virginity. Mrs Hayes gave her horrific account to a local news station, where she recalled being “paralyzed with fear” when the manipulative abuser raped her, then callously advised her to “ring me” if she found out she was pregnant.
She was very alarmed when she realized Freud’s connection to the Madeleine case, after she read about it in a book Kate McCann wrote. She reported her concerns to her local police force in Suffolk, and her son wrote to the Metropolitan Police to pass on his mother’s account and concerns over Freud’s connection to the McCann’s. They received no response, according to TheDailyMail.com.
One of the women to accuse Freud, Sylvia Woosley- who claims Freud kidnapped and began molesting her at the tender age of 10 years old, said she “would like to just return to the child I was before I was molested  physically”.  Sylvia was later brought up as his daughter and invited into his marital bed alongside his actress wife, Jill. 
Freud later also lured a 14-year-old to his home, got her drunk and molested her in the bathroom, according to one of the women.
A former British ambassador has now revealed he has been approached by several people making further claims of sexual abuse by Clement Freud, amid fears the MP could have sexually abused dozens more children, according to The Independent.
Police in Suffolk have confirmed the now-known Pedaphile, Clement Freud, was out of the country when Madeleine was abducted.  However, his home had been loaned to friends of his-  John and Tony Podesta.
Police Sketch
Here is a police sketch of Madeleine’s abductors:
Click to enlarge
Do these guys look familiar at all?
John and Tony Podesta?
How about this?
Click to enlarge
Click to enlarge
 
 
 
 
 
 
Do you see a resemblance at all to either one?
Podestas with sketches
There is even a matching mole on Tony Podesta and the police sketch, as pointed out in the above picture/sketch.
Confirmed FBI Anon Information
One of our FBI insiders can confirmed the Intelligence community  indicates John and Tony Podesta were in Praia da Luz,  Portugal on May 3rd 2007– the day Madaline McCann vanished.
The Podesta brothers were staying with a friend named “Clem” . Clement Freud, the grandson of psychopathology sex expert Dr. Sigmund Freud, who was known to be a pedophile. This is a quote from our insider:  “Of greater interest is that fact that Freud owned a villa in Praia da Luz.”
Now take a look once again at the first photo posted above with John Podesta, sitting with several others in what appears to be a family card game, with the  girl to his right:
Click to enlarge
Could this be Madeleine McCann?
Source
The Liberation of the CampsJanuary 27, 2016
Theodore J. O’Keefe 
First posted here in Jan 27, 2005 — reposted Jan 27, 2015

At Dachau, Buchenwald, Dora, Mauthausen, and other work and detention camps, horrified American infantrymen encountered heaps of dead and dying inmates, emaciated and diseased. Survivors told them hair-raising stories of torture and slaughter, and backed up their claims by showing the GI’s crematory ovens, alleged gas chambers, supposed implements of torture, even shrunken heads and lampshades, gloves, and handbags purportedly made from skin flayed from dead inmates.
U.S. government authorities, mindful that most Americans, who remembered the atrocity stories fed them during World War I, still doubted the Allied propaganda directed against the Hitler regime, resolved to “document” what the GI’s had found in the camps. Prominent newsmen and politicians were flown in to see the harrowing evidence, while the U.S. Army Signal Corps filmed and photographed the scenes for posterity. The famous journalist Edward R. Murrow reported, in tones of horror, but no longer of disbelief, what he had been told and shown, and Dachau and Buchenwald were branded on the hearts and minds of the American populace as names of infamy unmatched in the sad and bloody history of this planet.
For Americans, what was “discovered” at the camps – the dead and the diseased, the terrible stories of the inmates, all the props of torture and terror – became the basis not simply of a transitory propaganda campaign but of the conviction that yes, it was true: the Germans DID exterminate six million Jews, most of them in lethal gas chambers. What the GI’s found was used, by way of films which were mandatory viewing for the vanquished populace of Germany, to “re-educate” the German people by destroying their national pride and their will to a united, independant national state, imposing in their place overwhelming feelings of collective guilt and political impotence. And when the testimony, and the verdict, at Nuremberg incorporated most, if not all, of the horror stories Americans were told about Dachau, Buchenwald, and other places captured by the U.S. Army, the Holocaust could pass for one of the most documented, one of the most authenticated, one of the most proven historical episodes in the human record.
 A DIFFERENT REALITY
But it is known today that, very soon after the liberation of the camps, American authorities were aware that the real story of the camps was quite different from the one in which they were coaching military public information officers, government spokesmen, politicians, journalists, and other mouthpieces.
When American and British forces overran western and central Germany in the spring of 1945, they were followed by troops charged with discovering and securing any evidence of German war crimes. Among them was Dr. Charles Larson, one of America’s leading forensic pathologists, who was assigned to the Judge Advocate General’s Department. Dr. Larson performed autopsies at Dachau and some twenty other German camps, examining on some days more than 100 corpses. After his grim work at Dachau, he was questioned for three days by U.S. Army prosecutors.(1)
Dr. Larson’s findings? According to an interview he gave to an American journalist in 1980, “What we’ve heard is that six million Jews were exterminated. Part of that is a hoax.”(2) And what part was the hoax? Dr. Larson, who told his biographer that to his knowledge he “was the only forensic pathologist on duty in the entire European Theater,”(3) informed “Wichita Eagle” reporter Jan Floerchinger that there “never was a case of poison gas uncovered.” (4) Neither Dr. Larson nor any other forensic specialist has ever been cited by any Holocaust historian to substantiate a single case of death by poison gas, whether Zyklon-B or any other variety.
 TYPHUS, NOT POISON GAS
American dignitaries inspect typhus victims at Buchenwald camp (from Irving collection)
If not by gassing, how did the unfortunate victims at Dachau, Buchenwald, and Bergen-Belsen perish? Were they tortured to death? Deliberately starved? The answers to these questions are known as well. As Dr. Larson and other Allied medical men discovered, the chief cause of death at Dachau, Belsen, and the other camps was disease, above all typhus, an old and terrible scourge of mankind which until recently flourished in places where populations were crowded together in circumstances where public health measures were unknown or had broken down. Such was the case in the overcrowded internment camps in Germany at war’s end, where, despite such measures as systematic delousing, quarantine of the sick, and cremation of the dead, the virtual collapse of Germany’s food, transport, and public health systems led to catastrophe.
Perhaps the most authoritative statement of the facts as to typhus and mortality in the camps has been made by Dr. John E. Gordon, M.D., Ph.D., a professor of preventive medicine and epidemiology at the Harvard University School of Public Health who was with U.S. forces in Germany in 1945. Dr. Gordon reported in 1948 that “The outbreaks in concentration camps and prisons made up the great bulk of typhus infection encountered in Germany.” Dr. Gordon summarized the causes for the outbreaks as follows:
“Germany was in chaos. The destruction of whole cities and the path left by advancing armies produced a disruption of living conditions contributing to the spread of the disease. Sanitation was low grade, public utilities were seriously disrupted, food supply and food distribution was poor, housing was inadequate and order and discipline were everywhere lacking. Still more important, a shifting of populations was occurring such as few countries and few times have experienced.” (5)
Dr. Gordon’s findings are corroborated by Dr. Russel Barton, today a psychiatrist of international repute, who entered Bergen-Belsen with British forces as a young medical student in 1945. Barton, who volunteered to care for the diseased survivors, testified under sworn oath in a Toronto courtroom in 1985 that “Thousands of prisoners who died at the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp during World War II weren’t deliberately starved to death but died from a rash of diseases.”(6) Dr. Barton further testified that on entering the camp he had credited stories of deliberate starvations but had decided such stories were untrue after inspecting the well-equipped kitchens and the meticulously maintained ledgers, dating back to 1942, of food cooked and dispensed each day. Despite noisily publicized claims and widespread popular notions to the contrary, no researcher has been able to document a German policy of extermination through starvation in the German camps.
 NO LAMPSHADES, NO HANDBAGS, ETC.
What of the ghoulish stories of concentration camp inmates skinned for their tattoos, flayed to make lampshades and handbags, or other artifacts? What of the innumerable “torture racks,” “meathooks,” whipping posts, gallows, and other tools of torment and death that are reported to have abounded at every German camp? These allegations, and even more grotesque ones profferred by Soviet prosecutors, found their way into the record at Nuremberg.
The lampshade and tattooed-skin charges were made against Ilse Koch, dubbed by journalists the “Bitch of Buchenwald,” who was reported to have furnished her house with objects manufactured from the tanned hides of luckless inmates. But General Lucius Clay, military governor of the U.S. zone of occupied Germany, who reviewed her case in 1948, told his superiors in Washington: “There is no convincing evidence that she [Ilse Koch] selected inmates for extermination in order to secure tattooed skins or that she possessed any articles made of human skin.”(7) In an interview General Clay gave years later, he stated about the material for the infamous lampshades: “Well, it turned out actually that it was goat flesh. But at the trial it was still human flesh. It was almost impossible for her to have gotten a fair trial.”(8) Ilse Koch hanged herself in a West German jail in 1967.
It would be tedius to itemize and refute the thousands of bizarre claims as to Nazi atrocities. That there were instances of German cruelty, however, is clear from the testimony of Dr. Konrad Morgen, a legal investigator attached to the Reich Criminal Police, whose statements on the witness stand at Nuremberg have never been challenged by believers in the Jewish Holocaust. Dr. Morgen informed the court that he had been given full authority by Heinrich Himmler, commander of Hitler’s SS and the dreaded Gestapo, to enter any German concentration camp and investigate instances of cruelty and corruption on the part of the camp staffs. According to Dr. Morgen’s sworn testimony at Nuremberg, he investigated 800 such cases, in which over 200 convictions resulted.(9) Punishments included the death penalty for the worst offenders, including Hermann Karl Koch, Ilse’s husband, commandant of Buchenwald.
In reality, while camp commandants in certain cases did inflict physical punishment, such acts had to be approved by authorities in Berlin, and it was required that a camp physician first certify the good health of the prisoner to be disciplined and then be on hand at the actual beating.(10) After all, the camps were throughout most of the war important centers of industrial activity. The good health and morale of the prisoners was critical to the German war effort, as is evidenced by a 1942 order issued by SS-Brigadefuhrer Richard Glucks, chief of the office which controlled the concentration camps, which held camp commanders “personally responsible for exhausting every possibility to preserve the physical strength of the detainees.” (11)
 CONCENTRATION CAMP SURVIVORS – MERELY VICTIMS?
U.S. Army investigators, working at Buchenwald and other camps, quickly ascertained what was common knowledge among veteran inmates: that the worst offenders, the cruelest denizens of the camps were not the guards but the prisoners themselves. Common criminals of the same stripe as those who populate U.S. prisons today committed many villainies, particularly when they held positions of authority, and fanatical Communists, highly organized to combat their many political enemies among the inmates, eliminated their foes with Stalinist ruthlessness.
Two U.S. Army investigators at Buchenwald, Egon W. Fleck and Edward A. Tenenbaum, carefully investigated circumstances in the camp before its liberation. In a detailed report submitted to their superiors, they revealed, in the words of Alfred Toambs, their commander, who wrote a preface to the report, “how the prisoners themselves organized a deadly terror within the Nazi terror.”(12)
Fleck and Tenenbaum described the power exercised by criminals and Communists as follows:
“. . . The trusties, who in time became almost exclusively Communist Germans, had the power of life and death over all other inmates. They could sentence a man or a group to almost certain death . . . The Communist trusties were directly responsible for a large part of the brutalities at Buchenwald.”
Colonel Donald B. Robinson, chief historian of the American military government in Germany, summarized the Fleck-Tenenbaum report in an article which appeared in “The American Mercury” shortly after the war. Colonel Robinson wrote succinctly of the American investigators’ findings: “It appeared that the prisoners who agreed with the Communists ate; those who didn’t starved to death. (13)
Additional corroboration of inmate brutality has been provided by Ellis E. Spackman, who, as Chief of Counter-Intelligence Arrests and Detentions for the Seventh U.S. Army, was involved in the liberation of Dachau. Spackman, later a professor of history at San Bernardino Valley College in California, wrote in 1966 that at Dachau “the prisoners were the actual instruments that inflicted the barbarities on their fellow prisoners.” (14)
 “GAS CHAMBERS”
On December 9, 1944 Col. Paul Kirk and Lt. Col. Edward J. Gully inspected the German concentration camp at Natzweiler in Alsace. They reported their findings to their superiors at the headquarters of the U.S. 6th Army Group, which subsequently forwarded Kirk and Gully’s report to the War Crimes Division. While, significantly, the full text of their report has never been published, it has been revealed, by an author supportive of Holocaust claims, that the two investigators were careful to characterize equipment exhibited to them by French informants as a “SO-CALLED lethal gas chamber,” and claim it was “ALLEGEDLY used as a lethal gas chamber” (15) [emphasis added].
Both the careful phraseology of the Natzweiler report, and its effective suppression, stand in stark contrast to the credulity, the confusion, and the blaring publicity which accompanied official reports of alleged gas chambers at Dachau. At first, a U.S. Army photo depicting a GI gazing mournfully at a steel door marked with a skull and crossbones and the German words for: “Caution! Gas! Mortal danger! Don’t open!” was identified as showing the murder weapon. Later, however, it was evidently decided that the apparatus in question was merely a standard delousing chamber for clothing, and another alleged gas chamber, this one cunningly disguised as a shower room, was exhibited to American congressmen and journalists as the site where thousands breathed their last. While there exist numerous reports in the press as to the operation of this second “gas chamber,” no official report by trained Army investigators has yet surfaced to reconcile such problems as the function of the shower heads: Were they “dummies,” or did lethal cyanide gas stream through them? (Each theory has appreciable support in journalistic and historiographical literature.)
As with Dachau, so with Buchenwald, Bergen-Belsen, and the other camps captured by the Allies. There was no end of propaganda about “gas chambers,” “gas ovens,” and the like, but so far not a single detailed description of the murder weapon and its function, not a single report of the kind that is mandatory for the successful prosecution of any assault or murder case in America at the time and today, has come to light.
Furthermore, a number of Holocaust authorities have now publicly decreed that there were no gassings, no extermination camps in Germany after all! All these things, we are told, were located in what is now Poland, in areas captured by the Soviet Red Army and off-limits to Western investigators. In 1960 Dr. Martin Broszat, who is now director of the Munich-based Institute for Contemporary History, which is funded by the West German government to SUPPORT the Holocaust story, wrote a letter to the German weekly “Die Zeit” in which he stated categorically: “Neither in Dachau nor in Bergen-Belsen nor in Buchenwald were Jews or other prisoners gassed.”(16) Professional Nazi-hunter Simon Wiesenthal wrote in 1975 that “there were no extermination camps on German soil.”(17) And Dachau “gas chamber” No. 2, which was once presented to a stunned and grieving world as a weapon which claimed hundreds of thousands of lives, is now described in the brochure issued to tourists at the modern Dachau “memorial site” in these words: “This gas chamber, camouflaged as a shower room, was not used.”(18)
 THE PROPAGANDA INTENSIFIES
More than forty years after American troops entered Dachau, Buchenwald, and the other German camps, and trained American investigators established the facts as to what had gone on in them, the government in Washington, the entertainment media in Hollywood, and the print media in New York continue to churn out millions of words and images annually on the horrors of the camps and the infamy of the Holocaust. Despite the fact that, with the exception of the defeated Confederacy, no enemy of America has ever so suffered so complete and devestating defeat as did Germany in 1945, the mass media and the politicians and bureaucrats behave as if Hitler, his troops, and his concentration camps continue to exist in an eternal present, and our opinion makers continue to distort, through ignorance or malice, the facts about the camps.
 TIME FOR TRUTH
It is time that the government and the professional historians revealed the facts about Dachau, Buchenwald, and the other camps. It is time that they let the American public know how the inmates died, and how they didn’t die. It is time that the claims as to mass murder by gassing were clarified and investigated in the same manner as any other claims of murder are dealt with. It is time that the free ride certain groups have enjoyed as the result of unchallenged Holocaust claims be terminated, just as it is time that other groups, including Germans, eastern Europeans, the Roman Catholic hierarchy, and the wartime leadership of America and Britain stop being scapegoated, either for their alleged role in the Holocaust or their supposed failure to stop it.
Above all, it is time that the citizens of this great democratic Republic have the facts about the camps, facts which they possess a right to know, a right that is fundamental to the exercise of their authority and their will in the governance of their country. As citizens and as taxpayers, Americans of all ethnic backgrounds, of all faiths, have a basic right and an overriding interest in determining the facts of incidents which are deemed by those in positions of power to be determinative in America’s foreign policy, in its educational policy, in its selection of past events to be memorialized in our civic life. The alleged facts of the Holocaust are today at issue all over the civilized world: in Germany, in France, in Italy, in Britain, in the Low Countries and Scandinavia, in Japan, across our border in Canada and in the United States of America itself. The truth will be decided only by recourse to the facts, in the public forum: not by concealing the facts, denying the truth, stonewalling reality. The truth will out, and it is time the government of this country, and governments and international bodies throughout the world, made public and patent the evidence of what actually transpired in the German concentration camps in the years 1933-1945, so that we may put paid to the lies, without fear or favor, and carry out the work of reconciliation and renewal that is and must be the granite foundation of mutual tolerance between peoples and of a peace based on justice, rather than on guns, barbed wire, prisons, and lies.
NOTES
1) Crime Doctor, a biography of Larson by John D. McCallum, Mercer, Washington & Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, 1979, p. 69.
2) Wichita Eagle_, April 1, 1980, p. 4C.
3) Crime Doctor, p. 46.
4) Wichita Eagle, April 1, 1980, p. 4C
5) John E. Gordon, “Louse-Borne Typhus Fever in the European Theater of Operations, U.S. Army, 1945,” in Forest Ray Moulton, Ed., _Rickettsial Diseases of Man, Am. Acad. for the Advancement of Science, Washington D.C. 1948.
6) Toronto Star, February 8, 1985, p. A2.
7) New York Times, 24 September 1948, p. 3.
8. Interview with Lucius Clay,_Official Proceeding of the George C. Marshall Research Foundation, cited in “Buchenwald: Legend and Reality,” Mark Weber, The Journal of Historical Review, Vol. 7, no. 4.
9) International Military Tribunal, Vol. XVII, p. 556; IMT, Vol. XX, pp. 489, 438.
10) Cited in The Theory and Practice of Hell, Eugen Kogon, Berkley Books, New York, pages 108-109.
11) Nuremberg document NO-1523.
12) Buchenwald: A Preliminary Report, Egon W. Fleck and Edward A. Tenenbaum, U.S. Army, 12th Army Group, 24 April 1945. National Archives, Record Group 331, SHAEF, G-5, 17.11, Jacket 10, Box 151 (8929/163-8929/180).
13) “Communist Atrocities at Buchenwald,” Donald B. Robinson, in _American Mercury, October 1946.
14) _San Bernardino Sun-Telegram, March 13, 1966 (cited in The Man Who Invented “Genocide”, James J. Martin, Institute for Historical Review, IHR, 1984, pp. 110-111.
15) Concentration Camp at Natzwiller [sic]_, RG 331, Records of Allied Operations and Occupation, Army Headquarters WW2, SHAEF/G-5/2717, Modern Military, National Archives, Washington, D.C., cited in Robert H. Abzug, Inside the Vicious Heart_, Oxford University Press, New York, 1985, p. 10, p. 181. 16) _Die Zeit_, Hamburg, Germany, August 26, 1960. 17) _Books & Bookmen, April 1975, Vol. 7, p. 5. 18) Leaflet, Memorial Site Concentration Camp Dachau, The International Dachau-Committee, Dachau, Germany, n.d.

The conclusions of the early U.S. Army investigations as to the truth about the wartime German concentration camps have since been corroborated by all subsequent investigators and can be summarized:
1. The harrowing scenes of dead and dying inmates were not the result of a German policy of “extermination,” but rather the result of epidemics of typhus and other disease brought about largely by the effects of Allied aerial attacks.
2. Stories of Nazi supercriminals and sadists who turned Jews and others into handbags and lampshades for their private profit or amusement were sick lies or diseased fantasies; indeed, the German authorities consistently punished corruption AND cruelty on the part of camp commanders and guards.
3. On the other hand, the representations of the newly liberated inmates to have been saints and martyrs of Hitlerism were quite often very far fom the truth; indeed, most of the brutalities inflicted on camp detainees were the work of their fellow prisoners, in contravention of German policy and German orders.
4. The alleged homicidal showers and gas chambers had been used either for bathing camp inmates or delousing their clothes; the claim that they had been used to murder Jews or other human beings is a contemptible fabrication. Orthodox, Establishment historians and professional “Nazi hunters” have quietly dropped claims that inmates were gassed at Dachau, Buchenwald, and other camps in Germany. They continue, however, to keep silent regarding the lies about Dachau and Buchenwald, as well as to evade an open discussion of the evidence for homicidal gassing at Auschwitz and the other camps captured by the Soviets.
 The author Theodore J. O’Keefe is the editor of “The Journal of Historical Review.” Educated at Harvard, he has studied history and literature on three continents, and has published many articles on historical and political subjects.
Soros/CIA Plan to Destabilize EuropeSeptember 28, 2015
Wayne Madsen — Guest Columnist: The News Doctors Sept 24, 2015
Just as the dark forces of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency and George Soros’s multi-billion dollar network of non-governmental organizations plotted to destabilize the Middle East and North Africa through the use of social media to bring about the so-called “Arab Spring”, these same forces have opened a new chapter in their book of global dysfunctionality by facilitating the mass movement of refugees and economic migrants from the Middle East, Asia, and Africa to Europe.
In March 2011, Libyan leader Muammar Qaddafi predicted what would happen to Europe if the stability of his country was undermined by the Western powers. In an interview with “France 24”, Qaddafi correctly predicted, “There are millions of blacks who could come to the Mediterranean to cross to France and Italy, and Libya plays a role in security in the Mediterranean”.
Qaddafi’s son, Saif al Islam Qaddafi, who has been sentenced to death by the radical Libyan regime that governs Tripoli, echoed his father’s comments in the same interview with the French news network.
Saif said: “Libya may become the Somalia of North Africa, of the Mediterranean. You will see the pirates in Sicily, in Crete, in Lampedusa. You will see millions of illegal immigrants. The terror will be next door”. As seen with recent events, Saif was right on target.
Indeed, for Europe, the terror is literally next door. It is estimated that as many as 4000 radical jihadists, young men who are veterans of the terrorist holocausts of Syria, Iraq, and Yemen, have taken advantage of the absence of European Union external and internal Schengen border controls to either return to Europe or enter Europe for the first time. Many of the young male “migrants” have iPhones, bank ATM cards, multiple passports, and ample cash, hardly what would expect to be found in the possession of legitimate war refugees.
Not only have black Africans inundated southern Europe after making dangerous boat trips from North Africa, including Libya, but Syrian refugees, mostly created as the result of the West’s mass transfer of captured arms caches from Libya to Syrian jihadists after the overthrow of Qaddafi, thus triggering the bloody Syrian civil war, are streaming by boat and by land into the very heart of Europe.
George Soros
Soros, who is nothing more than a multi-billionaire front man for the even wealthier Rothschild banking family of Western Europe, oversaw the complete destruction of the nation-states of southeastern Europe that now permit practical unfettered access of civil war and economic migrants from Syria, Iraq, North Africa, sub-Saharan Africa, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Burma, Sri Lanka, and other war- and poverty-ravaged nations of the Third World.
As a result of his programs to re-engineer nations, Soros first helped destroy the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia with the active help of the European Union and NATO. The seven independent republics that once constituted Yugoslavia, now serve as major transit routes for perhaps tens of thousands and an impending hundreds of thousands of non-European migrants. Greece, which is suffering under austerity “vulturism” directed by European central and private bankers, including Soros and his Rothschild overseers, can hardly deal with the massive influx of refugees. The bankers have ensured that Greece cannot even provide the basic social services for its own people let alone refugees from civil war zones and nations suffering from collapsed governments and economies.
Macedonia, which continues to reel from an attempted Ukraine-style “themed revolution” courtesy of neocons in the Obama administration like Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs Victoria Nuland, was unable to hold back a mass invasion of refugees from Greece. Many of the refugees who treated the Greek-Macedonian border as a non-existent nuisance piled across it into Macedonia and onward into Serbia. The migrants have sought any way possible to reach welcoming Austria and Germany. Refugees in Budapest swamped the central train station, forcing it to close to all passengers, refugees trying to make it to Austria and Germany, as well as Hungarians and foreign tourists.
Muslim refugees arriving in Munich have been irritated by the presence on the streets of beer-drinking Germans and foreigners celebrating the annual “Oktoberfest.” There have already been heated exchanges on the streets between drunken Oktoberfest celebrants and some Muslim refugees who object to the presence of plentiful alcohol. Munich city officials said they only had the capacity to receive 1000 new refugees per day. The city has seen that number climb to 15,000 a day with some 90 percent of them failing to register with local authorities and disappearing into destinations unknown.
Throughout cities and towns in Europe, newly-arrived migrants sleeping in parks and on sidewalks have created a public health nightmare with human feces covering park grounds and the stench of urine permeating the walls of buildings and gutters. The situation is exacerbated by newly-arriving Syrian refugees in northern Germany mistaking poisonous wild “death cap” mushrooms for an edible variety that grows in the eastern Mediterranean. Although warning notices written in Arabic and Kurdish have been distributed to the refugees, the refugees have ingested the death cap mushrooms, which has resulted in uncontrollable vomiting and diarrhea, which has added to the public health dilemma facing Europe. It is only a matter of time before human waste-borne diseases like cholera and typhus make their first triumphant return to the cities of Europe since the deadly pandemics of the last millennium.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel, EU Council President Donald Tusk of Poland, and EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker bear direct responsibility for the influx of what may total more than a million political and economic refugees into the heart of Europe. Merkel has made no secret of her desire to add to the ranks of the German guest worker, Gastarbeiter. However, as shown with other guest workers in Germany who have arrived over the last several decades, these workers never consider themselves as “guests” but as permanent residents and citizens. Meanwhile, Tusk and Juncker, the latter a native of tiny Luxembourg, have threatened to fine non-EU members Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Norway, and Iceland if they do not absorb their share of refugees, a percentage dictated by the EU “Eurocrats” in Brussels. Although Tusk has demanded EU countries to open their borders and treasuries to the refugees, his native Poland is reticent to accept more than a few hundred. Poland’s opposition is joined by the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Slovenia.
Juncker’s successor as prime minister of Luxembourg, Xavier Bettel, who is Europe’s first leader to be in a gay marriage, has welcomed hundreds of refugees. Bettel does not believe in a Europe of borders and therefore, like Merkel, Tusk, and Juncker, he a hero to the Soros-funded NGOs who are turning Europe into a deadly social engineering experiment. Many Luxembourgers are in search of someone like Marine Le Pen in France to stop the refugee welcome wagon that threatens to obliterate the Grand Ducky of Luxembourg.
The countries that have radicalized their jihadist guerrilla armies in Syria and Iraq, namely, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, United Arab Emirates, and Kuwait, saw fit to take in no refugees from the fighting in Syria and Iraq. Saudi Arabia had the unmitigated gall to offer Germany to build 200 mosques for the refugees, of course mosques that would only preach and teach the radical Wahhabist version of Islam.
Meanwhile, there is evidence that Turkey urged refugees from Syria on its soil to join the mass exodus on unseaworthy vessels to its longtime adversary, Greece. This gambit has resulted in the deaths of many children and women, which has only served to pull the heart strings of northern Europeans who have invited thousands of refugees into their social welfare paradises. Turkey has also distributed handbooks to the migrants instructing them where to go once they arrive in Germany for government social welfare assistance.
Just as seen with Soros- and CIA-directed themed revolutions in the Arab countries and Ukraine, migrants on the move have been instructed via Twitter where increased border controls have been established and how to bypass them. This “outside” direction has resulted in refugees heading from Greece, Macedonia, and Serbia into Croatia and Slovenia in order to make their way to the Austrian and German frontiers, thus avoiding increasingly hostile Hungary and Serbia. There has already been a practical border skirmish between Croatian police escorting a train full of refugees to the Hungarian border and Hungarian border guards.
Whether they are termed neo-conservative or neo-liberal, the policies that have resulted in the worst refugee crisis to strike Europe since the end of World War II have their roots in the political boiler shops funded by George Soros and CIA front groups throughout Europe and the United States. It is only a matter of time before their roles in what has occurred in Europe will be discovered by the nationalists of the right and left and their publishing houses and web site locations will go up in flames.
Eventually, Europeans will wake up and discover that Russia immunized itself from the refugee scourge by not playing ball with the EU and its contrivances. When newly-arrived migrants begin defecating, vomiting, and urinating on the streets of Tallinn, Riga, Vilnius, Helsinki, and Stockholm, refugee crisis-free Russia will not seem so bad after all.
# # # #
About Wayne Madsen:
Investigative journalist, author and syndicated columnist. Has some twenty years experience in security issues. As a U.S. Naval Officer, he managed one of the first computer security programs for the U.S. Navy. He has been a frequent political and national security commentator on Fox News and has also appeared on ABC, NBC, CBS, PBS, CNN, BBC, Al Jazeera, and MS-NBC. He has been invited to testify as a witness before the US House of Representatives, the UN Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, and an terrorism investigation panel of the French government. A member of the Society of Professional Journalists (SPJ) and the National Press Club. Lives in Washington, D.C.
This article was published at the Strategic Culture Foundation on-line journal www.strategic-culture.org and is reprinted with permission.
Source
This Will Shock You To The Core: 9/11 from Cheney to MossadSeptember 13, 2015

Hellstorm – Exposing The Real Genocide of Nazi Germany (Full Documentary)May 10, 2015

Who Really Murdered Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman?February 28, 2015
Joe Vialls — Aug 24, 2002 Updated Nov 6, 2013
British Police torture least likely suspects Ian Huntley and Maxine Carr from Soham Village, while deliberately ignoring thousands of more likely suspects from nearby American Air Force bases
Ian Huntley
Staff Sergeant Frank Ronghi
Maxine Carr
Staff Sergeant Frank Ronghi (pictured right) from Fort Bragg, North Carolina, pleaded guilty to forcibly sodomizing and then murdering an 11-year-old girl during early 2000.
When British police arrested Ian Huntley and Maxine Carr [pictured left and centre above] during the early hours of Saturday 17 August, on suspicion of the abduction and murder of Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman, they did so in the certain knowledge that absolutely no hard evidence existed incriminating either suspect. The reason for the rapid arrests was very simple: Just hours earlier, two small bodies had been found near the perimeter fence at USAF Lakenheath, and the Prime Minister at 10 Downing Street was terrified of a massive political scandal involving American servicemen based in, or transiting through, the United Kingdom.
Shortly after the arrests, British and American media organizations demonized Ian Huntley and Maxine Carr so successfully that public attention was diverted away from Lakenheath completely, and focused instead on the young couple from Soham who had earlier willingly spoken to television crews about their concerns for the well being of the two missing 10-year-old girls. Both knew the girls reasonably well. Ian Huntley was the caretaker at their school, and Maxine Carr was a former teaching auxiliary in their class.
Millions of viewers around the world watched Ian and Maxine being interviewed by the media, and most were impressed by the openness of their statements and their genuine willingness to help if possible. Experts in non-verbal communication also noticed that Ian and Maxine’s involuntary body and eye movements perfectly matched what they were saying verbally to the journalists.
In other words, both appeared to be telling the truth both verbally and non-verbally, an almost impossible feat for even a trained liar to fabricate. It is critical to note here also that both came across on television as perfectly normal, sane individuals, a reality later to be inexplicably challenged by police and psychiatrists in Cambridgeshire.
If Huntley and Carr had been involved at all with the abduction and murder of Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman, would they have then been stupid enough to run the gauntlet of about 10,000 American servicemen en-route, and dump the two small bodies in a location clearly visible from Lakenheath Control Tower, taxi track, and main runway? A serviceman with detailed knowledge of activities and procedures inside the base might get away with it unseen, but certainly not two civilians from Soham in Cambridgeshire. So the perimeter would be an ideal dumping ground for American servicemen eager to return to safe territory at USAF Lakenheath before either entering their barracks on the base, or catching a shuttle bus to USAF Mildenhall.
Location of the girl’s bodies
In an attempt to demonize Ian Huntley still further, police “leaked” the damning information that he had been arrested for rape a number of years earlier. Well, yes, almost. While still a teenager Huntley had consensual sex with his girlfriend, who was only 15-years-old at the time, an offence in the United Kingdom known as statutory rape. He was never charged with an offence however, and his former girlfriend [now age 21 years] recently confirmed it was a mutual crush [love affair], with enthusiastic sexual consent on both sides.
So for a while at least, police and media have managed to deflect attention away from the two massive nearby USAF bases at Lakenheath and Mildenhall, and the political minefield lurking just below the surface if the British public ever find out about the very large numbers of children abused, raped, and sometimes murdered by American servicemen on overseas duty. So let us properly consider the “American Connection”, before returning later in this report to the unbelievable ongoing psychological abuse of Ian Huntley and Maxine Carr.
Though earlier in the investigation police declared they would be interviewing “700 known sex offenders” of British nationality, there was no mention of interviewing the 10,000+ US servicemen based in close proximity to Soham Village, or determining which other American servicemen has transited through the two bases, and on which flights, since Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman first disappeared.
The simple fact that Holly and Jessica’s bodies were found within yards of the USAF Lakenheath perimeter fence, which in turn provides access to the American barracks within, should have had British police knocking on Lakenheath’s front door immediately. Unfortunately, any such action might have accidentally undermined Prime Minister Tony Blair’s personal slavish dedication to George W Bush’s “War on Terror.”
Though most members of the American military are unquestionably nice people, the small number who are not, are invariably psychotic savages. It is a matter of public record that many American servicemen have habitually carried out sickening attacks against civilians while on overseas duty, happy in the knowledge that the serious assault or murder of women or girls in Japan, Kosovo or England, carries a lesser penalty than at home.
One such case is that of Staff Sergeant Frank Ronghi, who on 24 August 2000 pleaded guilty to sodomizing and killing an 11-year-old Kosovar girl in January the same year. A member of his platoon testified that Staff Sergeant Ronghi disdainfully claimed, “It’s easy to get away with this shit in a third-world country.”
The “shit” Ronghi referred to is described here by the US Army Pathologist for Europe. “Her right jaw was fractured, practically bisected,” said Lieutenant Colonel Kathleen Ingwersen, “We found evidence of sperm and semen in her vagina, mouth and rectum,” she testified to a hushed hearing. “There was trauma to the neck muscles, the trachea and the carotid artery,” Colonel Ingwersen said, adding she had found evidence of “blunt trauma” as the child was apparently beaten, choked and forced to kneel, face to the ground, as she was sodomized.
But in a perverse way Ronghi was proved right about the overall American perception of the “lesser worth” of women and children, in what he and others continually refer to as the third world. At his trial the Staff Sergeant was sentenced to life imprisonment, despite the fact that an identical offence against an American woman in the USA, would have resulted in his execution.
It would be impossible to list here all such vile attacks against “locals” by American servicemen overseas because there have been far too many. However, in order to educate the British police [who mercifully are rarely exposed to similar atrocities in Cambridgeshire and Suffolk] it seems prudent to mention a handful, thereby proving that Staff Sergeant Ronghi is far from being an isolated case.
In 1955, an American soldier was sentenced to death for the murder of a six-year-old Okinawan girl, a sentence that was later commuted to life imprisonment. During 1966 a US soldier confessed to strangling a young waitress. Then in 1972, US soldiers were sentenced to life imprisonment for strangling local women. Later In 1975, a US soldier was sent to prison for raping two junior high school students. Local Okinawan police arrested two US soldiers during 1985 in the act of raping a woman.
During a spate of crimes in 1995, a US soldier was arrested for the hammering death of a young woman., two children were killed by a drunken soldier, and three US soldiers brutally raped a young schoolgirl. In January 2000 a US seaman was sentenced for sexually assaulting a 16-year-old Japanese girl. Remember this is only a small part of the overall list, nor does it include the many more alleged perpetrators who Japanese and other authorities claim were “spirited out of the country and back to the USA” before they could be apprehended and charged.
The last point to consider before returning to the plight of Ian Huntley and Maxine Carr, is the strange fate of four wives at Fort Bragg in North Carolina, the former home base of Staff Sergeant Ronghi. All four wives were allegedly killed by their Sergeant husbands when they returned from active duty in Afghanistan, during the same week that Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman went missing. US Army authorities are currently trying to establish whether or not an anti-malarial drug all were taking contributed to the murders. The drug is acknowledged to have extra-pyramidal psychotic side-effects, and is prescribed to all US Servicemen in Afghanistan.
There are no direct flights out of Afghanistan to the USA, meaning that all American servicemen including those seriously affected by the drug, and also affected by PTSD (Post Traumatic Stress Disorder) are obliged to change aircraft either in Germany or in England – normally at USAF Mildenhall. As a matter of urgency the British public should shame their local police into establishing accurately how many of these servicemen transited through USAF Mildenhall and USAF Lakenheath during the week that Holly and Jessica vanished.
USAF Lakenheath aerial photo. Click to enlarge
Initially on Saturday 17 August, Ian Huntley and Maxine Carr were arrested “on suspicion” of being involved in the murders of Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman. Each was taken to a different police station in Cambridgeshire for interrogation, which is standard police procedure. However, this is also the point at which standard police procedure vanished completely. Obviously Ian and Maxine were determined to protest their innocence, and refused to provide police with a convenient “confession”, no matter how tired they were, and no matter how much extreme pressure was applied by the big burly threatening policemen. There was also a marked absence of defence lawyers making statements on behalf of the suspects.
USAF Lakenheath perimeter fence. Click to enlarge
In an extraordinary move, police then applied to a “Closed Court” for an extension of Huntley and Carr’s detention, though the reasons were not made public. There was actually no need for police to provide us with a reason, because it was blatantly obvious they still had absolutely nothing to connect the two suspects with the two murders. If at that stage police had any hard evidence linking Ian Huntley or Maxine Carr to the murders, or had managed to coerce a confession out of either, they would have been charged immediately.
Then on Tuesday 20 August, just twenty-four hours before the legally extended detention was due to expire at 6.19 am on Wednesday, a complete team of psychiatrists appeared as if by magic, and deemed that Ian Huntley was unfit to appear in court. He was then “sectioned” under the Mental Health Act 1983 and remanded to Rampton high-security psychiatric hospital, at Retford in North Nottinghamshire, without being charged with any offence.
Now think about this carefully people, think about it! When we all saw Ian Huntley on international television he was entirely coherent and unquestionably sane. But apparently, after a mere three days in police custody, he became insane. How? Did the police deprive him of sleep and induce a [predictable and natural] nervous breakdown, or are the all-too-convenient government psychiatrists a pack of liars? You choose…
One thing is certain. We have all just watched the gross violation of Ian Huntley’s legal and human rights on international television, and we have done absolutely nothing about it. Ask yourself: Is it even legal to section a man in England under the Mental Health Act before he is charged? When asked this precise question, Dr Harris of Rampton Psychiatric Hospital was evasive, replying, “It is not unheard of, but it is very unusual.”
Once inside the terrifying Rampton building, a Victorian hulk originally founded as an asylum in 1912 under the Criminal Lunatics Act of 1860, police charged Ian Huntley with murder. He is now at the mercy of a five-man psychiatric team who will assess his “symptoms” night and day over the next month, and shove him full of God-knows-what medication. This is the Gulag Archipelago all over again, and Joe Stalin would have loved it.
If, after a full month at the hands of the medical nutters in Rampton, Ian Huntley should choose to “confess” to everything including the murder of the Princess of Wales, try not to believe him. Stalin’s enemies used to confess all the time in the Gulag, but only after being pumped full of Reserpine by the shrinks.
The next problem for police was Maxine Carr. Clearly no-one would believe that two people had suddenly gone completely insane in police custody at the same time, so senior officers in Cambridgeshire [and at the Home Office] had to think of something a little more creative. They knew Huntley and Carr were both were innocent of course, but somehow Maxine had to be brought under control. In other words Maxine Carr had to be so badly frightened that she would be positively eager to “cooperate” with police when the drugged, perhaps electro-shocked and certainly docile Ian Huntley was finally paraded in front of the courts.
So police formally charged Maxine Carr with “attempting to pervert the course of justice”, i.e. lying to police whether she had or not, and quietly arranged to have her incarcerated in the most brutal and terrifying of Britain’s women’s’ prisons, at Holloway in London. “Attempting to pervert” is not a violent crime requiring a high security establishment of course, and there were certainly prisons closer to Soham, but only Holloway would have the desired devastating effect on Maxine, hopefully bringing her under immediate control.
Although the Victorian Holloway was replaced in a phased rebuilding programme between 1975 and 1985, it has managed to retain its brutal reputation. In 1995 Sir David Ramsbotham, then inspector of prisons, walked out in disgust at the conditions he found inside. He noted that 75% of women at the jail were suffering from some form of identifiable mental disorder, while one in 10 was suicidal. Almost half were drug addicts in need of immediate detoxification, while more than half had serious alcohol problems and nearly 95% were on sleeping pills.
Naturally enough, on its own this would be quite enough to send a quiet country girl like Maxine insane in weeks, but the British authorities wanted to make absolutely sure. So before she left for London, police arranged a court hearing for her in the local town of Peterborough, and made sure the media and “rent a mob” people knew about its exact timing well in advance.
Orwellian media “Rent a Mob” frightening innocent Maxine Carr outside Peterborough Court
As the police van approached the court, the commotion started for the innocent woman not yet convicted of any offence at all. Unseen hands banged on the metal van, and several females led an ugly chorus, jeering and shouting at a woman they could not see – a thick grey blanket had been placed over Maxine Carr’s head – for a double murder with which she has not even been charged. “Evil bitch”, screamed one. “Sick cow,” spat another. In the melee, a woman and her two daughters unfurled a home-made banner. “Rot in hell forever”, it said.
The scene outside Peterborough Crown Court
Trial by television media had well and truly started, and the trembling Maxine Carr had not yet even reached that special part of hell called Holloway. But a week or two in there with the deranged and the druggies should have her “cooperating” with anything and everything the Cambridgeshire Police Service wants.
But is that really the point here? The Chief Constable and all of his officers at Cambridgeshire Constabulary should be mortally ashamed of their blatant abuse of police powers, abuse of the judicial process, and abuse of the Mental Health Act. In turn it goes almost without saying that we the public should not believe a word of any subsequent “confession” that Maxine Carr is coerced into making, during or after her terrifying ordeal at Holloway.
Nor should we necessarily believe that the little Cambridgeshire Constabulary [1,307 proud officers and still recruiting] had the overall power to pull off these impressive stunts without some very heavy political assistance. Think about it carefully. The original players in a tight little Cambridgeshire county investigation have been scattered to the four winds. Ian Huntley is 100 miles away to the north in Rampton, Nottinghamshire, and Maxine Carr is 100 miles away to the south in Holloway, London. The bodies of the girls were actually found in Suffolk, directly involving a third force, the Suffolk Constabulary. And oh, yes, police investigators from the Norfolk Constabulary did quite a lot of the leg work on this case.
So the Cambridgeshire Holly and Jessica Case, is no longer really the Cambridgeshire Holly and Jessica case at all, is it? The only people who will know exactly what is going on in London, Nottinghamshire, Norfolk, Suffolk and Cambridgeshire in the future, will be the small group of powerful manipulators who set the scene. This is the same small group who had sufficient power to arrange special closed courts, send a truckload of wobbly shrinks to Cambridgeshire, subvert the Mental Health Act, and personally arrange the twin hells of Rampton and Holloway for suspects Ian Huntley and Maxine Carr. Believe me, only senior bureaucrats at the Home Office in London have sufficient raw power to arrange all of this.
There is a final point to consider about the case itself. A newspaper report states “The bodies of murdered 10-year-old girls Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman were discovered in a ‘severely decomposed and partially skeletonised’ state, and the pair were almost certainly not killed where they were discovered, a coroner’s inquest was told yesterday. Their remains were found last Saturday in woodlands outside a United States air base at Lakenheath, Suffolk.” Even now, the cause or place of death cannot be established, and the Coroner has released the bodies to the parents for burial.
The reason for the importance of this statement will be obvious to residents in the Lakenheath area, whose local newspapers have saturated them for weeks with the information that Ian Huntley and Maxine Carr once lived years ago in a house owned by relatives less than a half-mile away from where the bodies were found. So this information allowing police to “point the finger” at the pair has long been in the public domain, and would be of enormous value to anyone wishing to deflect attention away from the real killers. Adding real substance to this claim is the fact that the path beside which the bodies were located is well used by walkers, but the bodies were not “found” until the very morning of Ian Huntley and Maxine Carr’s arrests.
Now ask yourself what you would do if you were Ian Huntley and had really been involved in the murder of the two little girls. Would you deliberately move their bodies close to a residence that you had lived in some years before, thereby tacitly pointing the finger of guilt at yourself, or would you move the bodies well away from any such residence? You choose, though even a deranged person in Holloway should be able to select the correct answer to this elementary question.
Taking the opposite view, what would you do if you were a deranged American serviceman who managed to smuggle the two little girls inside USAF Lakenheath, and then murdered them at some remote location inside the very large airfield boundary, with its multitude of convenient empty buildings? Would you leave the bodies where they lay until the smell of putrefaction attracted the attention of the Military Police at the base, or would you toss the pathetic remains over the perimeter fence one dark night, as close as possible to the former Huntley residence you learned about in the local Suffolk newspaper, and then tip off police? Once again, you choose.
No matter what you choose and no matter what you think, it will probably make no difference to the final outcome. The atmosphere surrounding this case is so heavily laden with political fog that you could cut it with a knife. At the national level you cannot afford to rock the boat because of Tony Blair’s “special relationship” with the White House, and all this entails for his personal prestige and the “War on Terror”. That said, Tony Blair’s wife Cherie is apparently a leading human rights lawyer, who might decide to take independent personal action where this gross abuse of human rights in her own back yard is concerned.
At the county level you cannot rock the boat because, as the Chamber of Commerce will eagerly explain, those thousands of nice American servicemen at USAF Lakenheath and USAF Mildenhall spend millions of pounds each year with local businesses in Suffolk, Norfolk and Cambridgeshire. You remember the people at the Chamber of Commerce don’t you? Masons, Rotarians, Buffs and the rest, guzzling free Budweiser Beer at the Lakenheath Officer’s Club, while looking down their noses at the Base Commander.
If you live in Britain and really care about legal and human rights for everyone including Ian Huntley, Maxine Carr, your own children and yourself, there is probably only one thing you can do: Call or fax the Chief Constable of Cambridgeshire Constabulary, expressing your disgust at the actions of his officers where this matter is concerned, and seeking his personal assurance that the illegal and immoral psychological assault on Huntley and Carr will be discontinued immediately.
Though it may seem pointless phoning or writing to a Chief Constable who is visibly not really in charge of events, he is nonetheless the only visible “front end” who can be directly and officially approached on the matter. If you keep pressing the right buttons often enough, you can and will make a difference. More than a decade ago matters were seriously mismanaged in a case involving myself, and I took exactly this action. The last time I bothered to check, I still held the record for receiving three written apologies in a single week regarding the same mismanaged case: The first was from the Home Office, the second from Special Branch, and the third from the Chief Constable of Suffolk Constabulary. If I can make a difference, so can you. Get on with it!
Source 
Charlie Hebdo Shootings – Censored VideoJanuary 12, 2015

Courtesy henrymakow.com
“Holocaust” declared 7 years before there was a “Holocaust”December 13, 2014
Mike King — via Rebel News Dec 13, 2014
THE SETTING
False alarm bells regarding the deaths of “millions of Jews” rang during both World War I and the Russian Civil War which followed. During the loud sound and smoky fury of wartime, such tall tales of genocide at least appeared to be somewhat plausible to the superficial reader. But during the peacetime of the 1930’s, even the most dim-witted newspaper worshipper would never believe such tales. Yet, as we shall soon see, that didn’t stop the audacious Zionists from trying.
Alfred Tarski (left) with Stalin. Click to enlarge
As the Berlin Olympics of 1936 approaches, Adolf Hitler has been in power for nearly 3 & 1/2 years. The initial anti-German hate campaign of 1933-34 has subsided as the world now realizes that the atrocity propaganda was false. Though removed from high positions in the press, banking, government and academia, the Jews who remain in Germany prosper in the revitalized economy. During the 1930’s, 75% of German Jewry is middle-class or richer. Even the legendary Max Warburg, though stripped of his dominance over Germany’s Central Bank, chose to stay in Germany until 1938, making serious “bank” the whole time.
As for the rest of Europe’s Jews, they continue on, unmolested and generally more successful that their Gentile counterparts. The Jew Leon Blum has just been elected Prime Minister of France. The government of the Soviet Union is loaded with Jews, and so is the ruling class of Great Britain. Even in mildly ‘anti-Semitic Poland’ and Fascist Italy, the Jews are not being bothered. In short, just 3 years before the outbreak of the German-Polish War, the European Jews of the 1930’s are safe and sound, with many of the ones in booming Germany doing very well.
The Jews of Europe are not being “persecuted” in 1936!
1- Max Warburg is making lots of money in Hitler’s Germany
 2- Leon Blum is elected Prime Minister of France
 3- Lazar Kaganovich is controlling Stalin’s Russia
 4- Baron Rothschild is the most powerful man in Britain
 5- Alfred Tarski: an acclaimed mathematician and scholar in Poland
So, given the good treatment and relative success of European Jewry, it is nothing less than astonishing, jaw-dropping even, to discover a May 31, 1936 issue of The New York Times carrying the bold claim of a “European Holocaust” affecting “millions of Jews”. How can this be? As even the High Priests of Holohoaxianty will admit, the wartime internment of Jews didn’t begin until the latter half of 1941. The alleged mass executions are said to have started in 1943, ramping up to full-scale genocide by 1944. Oops. It looks like some over-eager Zionist went off the script and let the fake cat out of the bag a full 6-7 years too soon!
This ridiculous shock claim of a “European Holocaust”, made by a group of “Christians” fronting for the Chicago and New York Zionists, forms the basis of the case for the establishment of a Jewish State in Palestine; which the British had conquered as part of a World War I payoff to the Zionists for their help in dragging the United States into the war on Britain’s side. Not content with mass immigration to British-ruled Palestine (The British Manadate), the Zionists, speaking through their “Christian” front men and dupes of the shadowy Chicago-based ‘Pro-Palestine Federation of America’, now want the British to crack down on the oppressed Arabs and give the Jews a nation of their own.
The full original can be viewed by enlarging the article image below.
********
The Holohoax: a LIE in 1936, a LIE in 1945, and STILL a LIE today!
New York Times May 31, 1936. Click to enlarge
Source 
Also see: The “Six Million” Myth
BBC Report (Subsequently Deleted): Ukrainian Fighter Shot Down MH17July 31, 2014
Courtesy Peter Myers — July 31, 2014

Transcript of the original BBC Video Report
MH17 wreckage clearly shows signs of blast. Click to enlarge
Olga Ivshina, BBC: The black boxes from the crashed Boeing are finally being transferred into the hands of the experts. However, how much can they tell us?
The recorders logged the coordinates and the heading of the aircraft at the time of the incident and may have recorded the sound of the explosion. However, they will not tell us what exactly caused the explosion.
The inhabitants of the nearby villages are certain that they saw military aircraft in the sky shortly prior to the catastrophe. According to them, it actually was the jet fighters that brought down the Boeing.
Eyewitness #1: There were two explosions in the air. And this is how it broke apart. And [the fragments] blew apart like this, to the sides. And when …
Eyewitness #2: … And there was another aircraft, a military one, beside it. Everybody saw it.
Eyewitness #1: Yes, yes. It was flying under it, because it could be seen. It was proceeding underneath, below the civilian one.
Eyewitness #3: There were sounds of an explosion. But they were in the sky. They came from the sky. Then this plane made a sharp turn-around like this. It changed its trajectory and headed in that direction [indicating the direction with her hands].
Olga Ivshina, BBC: The Ukrainian government rejects this version of events. They believe that the Boeing was shot down using a missile from a “BUK” complex that came in from the direction of Russia.
Vitaliy Naida, Department of Counterintelligence of SBU [Ukrainian Security Service]: This was a BUK M1 system from which the aircraft was shot down. It came to Ukraine early in the morning on the 17th of July. It was delivered by a tow truck to the city of Donetsk. After that, it was redeployed from Donetsk, as part of a column of military equipment, to the area of the city of Torez, to the area of Snezhnoye, to the area of Pervomaisk.
Olga Ivshina, BBC: The Ukrainian Security Service has published photographs and a video, which, in its opinion, prove that the Boeing was shot down with a “BUK” missile. We attempted to verify these photographs and information at the location.
One of the photographs showed a landscape not far from the city of Torez, on which smoke could be seen coming from the presumed location of the missile’s launch. We attempted to find this location, and it appears that we were successful.
We are now on the outskirts of the city of Torez. Behind me, approximately five kilometres away, is the city of Snezhnoye. And the landscape here matches the landscape that we can see on the photograph published by the Ukrainian Security Service.
To find the place from which the smoke was allegedly coming from, we adopted as markers these three poplars and the group of trees. Presumably, this is the place that can be seen on the photograph published by the SBU. And here are our markers: the three solitary poplars and the small group of trees in the distance.
The smoke that can be seen on the photograph came from somewhere over there [pointing behind her], behind my back. The SBU believes that this is a trace coming from the launch of a “BUK” missile.
However, it must be noted that there are here, approximately in the same place, the Saur-Mogila memorial, near which the fighting continues almost unabated, and a coalmine. It turns out that the smoke with the same degree of probability could have been coming from any of these locations.
Having circled around the nearby fields, we were unable to find any traces of a missile launch. Nor did the local inhabitants that we encountered see any “BUK” either.
At the ruins of an apartment building in the city of Snezhnoye, the topic of the jet fighters that may have been escorting civilian aircraft comes up again. A bomb dropped from above took away the lives of eleven civilians here.
Sergey Godovanets, Commander of the Militia of the city of Snezhnoye: They use these civilian aircraft to hide behind them. It is only now that they stopped flying over us – but, usually, civilian aircraft would always fly above us. And they hide [behind them]. [The experience in] Slavyansk had demonstrated that they would fly out from behind a civilian aircraft, bomb away, and then hide, once again, behind the civilian aircraft and fly away.
Olga Ivshina, BBC: The commander of the local militia emphasizes that they have no weaponry capable of shooting down a jet fighter [flying] at a significant height. However, he says that if such weaponry were to appear, they would have tried to.
Sergey Godovanets: If we know that it is not a civilian aircraft, but a military one, then – yes.
Olga Ivshina, BBC: So, could the Boeing have been shot down by the militias that had mistaken it for a military aircraft? There is as yet no unequivocal confirmation of either this or any other version [of what took place]. The international experts are just beginning their work with the information obtained from the crashed airliner. It now appears that it is difficult to overstate the importance of this investigation. Olga Ivshina, BBC.
The Catastrophe of #MH17:
#BBC in the Search of the “BUK” – The Video Report Deleted by BBC
Translation by: Valentina Lisitsa
http://slavyangrad.wordpress.com
Link to the video on Yandex.ru
Before and after the “Holocaust”: Jewish population numbers in 1933 and 1948November 30, 2013

Rebel of Oz — Nov 30, 2013
For over a century, the Jewish World Almanac has been widely regarded as the most authentic source for the world’s Jewish population numbers. Academics all over the world, including the editors of the Encyclopedia Britannica, used to rely on the accuracy of those numbers. Here is what the World Alamanacs of 1933 and 1948 had to say about the world population of Jews.
World Almanac 1933

World Almanac 1948

In other words, according to the World Almanac the world population of Jews increased (!) between 1933 and 1948 from 15,315,000 to 15,753,000. If the German government under Adolf Hitler had – as alleged – murdered six million Jews those losses should have been reflected in the Jewish population numbers quoted in the World Almanac.
The suspicions raised by above numbers concerning the veracity of the allegations made against the Hitler government are confirmed by the official three-volume report by the International Committee of the Red Cross, released 1948 in Geneva, according to which 272,000 concentration camp inmates died in German custody, about half of them Jews. The following article elaborates.
A Factual Appraisal Of The ‘Holocaust’ By The Red Cross
The Jews And The Concentration Camps: No Evidence Of Genocide
There is one survey of the Jewish question in Europe during World War Two and the conditions of Germany’s concentration camps which is almost unique in its honesty and objectivity, the three-volume Report of the International Committee of the Red Cross on its Activities during the Second World War, Geneva, 1948.
This comprehensive account from an entirely neutral source incorporated and expanded the findings of two previous works: Documents sur l’activité du CICR en faveur des civils détenus dans les camps de concentration en Allemagne 1939-1945 (Geneva, 1946), and Inter Arma Caritas: the Work of the ICRC during the Second World War (Geneva, 1947). The team of authors, headed by Frédéric Siordet, explained in the opening pages of the Report that their object, in the tradition of the Red Cross, had been strict political neutrality, and herein lies its great value.
The ICRC successfully applied the 1929 Geneva military convention in order to gain access to civilian internees held in Central and Western Europe by the Germany authorities. By contrast, the ICRC was unable to gain any access to the Soviet Union, which had failed to ratify the Convention. The millions of civilian and military internees held in the USSR, whose conditions were known to be by far the worst, were completely cut off from any international contact or supervision.
The Red Cross Report is of value in that it first clarifies the legitimate circumstances under which Jews were detained in concentration camps, i.e. as enemy aliens. In describing the two categories of civilian internees, the Report distinguishes the second type as “Civilians deported on administrative grounds (in German, “Schutzhäftlinge”), who were arrested for political or racial motives because their presence was considered a danger to the State or the occupation forces” (Vol. 111, p. 73). These persons, it continues, “were placed on the same footing as persons arrested or imprisoned under common law for security reasons.” (P.74).
The Report admits that the Germans were at first reluctant to permit supervision by the Red Cross of people detained on grounds relating to security, but by the latter part of 1942, the ICRC obtained important concessions from Germany. They were permitted to distribute food parcels to major concentration camps in Germany from August 1942, and “from February 1943 onwards this concession was extended to all other camps and prisons” (Vol. 111, p. 78). The ICRC soon established contact with camp commandants and launched a food relief programme which continued to function until the last months of 1945, letters of thanks for which came pouring in from Jewish internees.
Red Cross Recipients Were Jews
The Report states that “As many as 9,000 parcels were packed daily. >From the autumn of 1943 until May 1945, about 1,112,000 parcels with a total weight of 4,500 tons were sent off to the concentration camps” (Vol. III, p. 80). In addition to food, these contained clothing and pharmaceutical supplies. “Parcels were sent to Dachau, Buchenwald, Sangerhausen, Sachsenhausen, Oranienburg, Flossenburg, Landsberg-am-Lech, Flöha, Ravensbrück, Hamburg-Neuengamme, Mauthausen, Theresienstadt, Auschwitz, Bergen-Belsen, to camps near Vienna and in Central and Southern Germany. The principal recipients were Belgians, Dutch, French, Greeks, Italians, Norwegians, Poles and stateless Jews” (Vol. III, p. 83).
In the course of the war, “The Committee was in a position to transfer and distribute in the form of relief supplies over twenty million Swiss francs collected by Jewish welfare organisations throughout the world, in particular by the American Joint Distribution Committee of New York” (Vol. I, p. 644). This latter organisation was permitted by the German Government to maintain offices in Berlin until the American entry into the war. The ICRC complained that obstruction of their vast relief operation for Jewish internees came not from the Germans but from the tight Allied blockade of Europe. Most of their purchases of relief food were made in Rumania, Hungary and Slovakia.
The ICRC had special praise for the liberal conditions which prevailed at Theresienstadt up to the time of their last visits there in April 1945. This camp, “where there were about 40,000 Jews deported from various countries was a relatively privileged ghetto” (Vol. III, p. 75). According to the Report, “‘The Committee’s delegates were able to visit the camp at Theresienstadt (Terezin) which was used exclusively for Jews and was governed by special conditions. From information gathered by the Committee, this camp had been started as an experiment by certain leaders of the Reich … These men wished to give the Jews the means of setting up a communal life in a town under their own administration and possessing almost complete autonomy. . . two delegates were able to visit the camp on April 6th, 1945. They confirmed the favourable impression gained on the first visit” (Vol. I, p . 642).
The ICRC also had praise for the regime of Ion Antonescu of Fascist Rumania where the Committee was able to extend special relief to 183,000 Rumanian Jews until the time of the Soviet occupation. The aid then ceased, and the ICRC complained bitterly that it never succeeded “in sending anything whatsoever to Russia” (Vol. II, p. 62). The same situation applied to many of the German camps after their “liberation” by the Russians. The ICRC received a voluminous flow of mail from Auschwitz until the period of the Soviet occupation, when many of the internees were evacuated westward. But the efforts of the Red Cross to send relief to internees remaining at Auschwitz under Soviet control were futile. However, food parcels continued to be sent to former Auschwitz inmates transferred west to such camps as Buchenwald and Oranienburg.
No Evidence Of Genocide
One of the most important aspects of the Red Cross Report is that it clarifies the true cause of those deaths that undoubtedly occurred in the camps toward the end of the war. Says the Report: “In the chaotic condition of Germany after the invasion during the final months of the war, the camps received no food supplies at all and starvation claimed an increasing number of victims. Itself alarmed by this situation, the German Government at last informed the ICRC on February 1st, 1945 … In March 1945, discussions between the President of the ICRC and General of the S.S. Kaltenbrunner gave even more decisive results. Relief could henceforth be distributed by the ICRC, and one delegate was authorised to stay in each camp …” (Vol. III, p. 83).
Clearly, the German authorities were at pains to relieve the dire situation as far as they were able. The Red Cross are quite explicit in stating that food supplies ceased at this time due to the Allied bombing of German transportation, and in the interests of interned Jews they had protested on March 15th, 1944 against “the barbarous aerial warfare of the Allies” (Inter Arma Caritas, p. 78). By October 2nd, 1944, the ICRC warned the German Foreign Office of the impending collapse of the German transportation system, declaring that starvation conditions for people throughout Germany were becoming inevitable.
In dealing with this comprehensive, three-volume Report, it is important to stress that the delegates of the International Red Cross found no evidence whatever at the camps in Axis occupied Europe of a deliberate policy to exterminate the Jews. In all its 1,600 pages the Report does not even mention such a thing as a gas chamber. It admits that Jews, like many other wartime nationalities, suffered rigours and privations, but its complete silence on the subject of planned extermination is ample refutation of the Six Million legend. Like the Vatican representatives with whom they worked, the Red Cross found itself unable to indulge in the irresponsible charges of genocide which had become the order of the day. So far as the genuine mortality rate is concerned, the Report points out that most of the Jewish doctors from the camps were being used to combat typhus on the eastern front, so that they were unavailable when the typhus epidemics of 1945 broke out in the camps (Vol. I, p. 204 ff) – Incidentally, it is frequently claimed that mass executions were carried out in gas chambers cunningly disguised as shower facilities. Again the Report makes nonsense of this allegation. “Not only the washing places, but installations for baths, showers and laundry were inspected by the delegates. They had often to take action to have fixtures made less primitive, and to get them repaired or enlarged” (Vol. III, p. 594).
Not All Were Interned
Volume III of the Red Cross Report, Chapter 3 (I. Jewish Civilian Population) deals with the “aid given to the Jewish section of the free population,” and this chapter makes it quite plain that by no means all of the European Jews were placed in internment camps, but remained, subject to certain restrictions, as part of the free civilian population. This conflicts directly with the “thoroughness” of the supposed “extermination programme”, and with the claim in the forged Höss memoirs that Eichmann was obsessed with seizing “every single Jew he could lay his hands on.”
In Slovakia, for example, where Eichmann’s assistant Dieter Wisliceny was in charge, the Report states that “A large proportion of the Jewish minority had permission to stay in the country, and at certain periods Slovakia was looked upon as a comparative haven of refuge for Jews, especially for those coming from Poland. Those who remained in Slovakia seem to have been in comparative safety until the end of August 1944, when a rising against the German forces took place. While it is true that the law of May 15th, 1942 had brought about the internment of several thousand Jews, these people were held in camps where the conditions of food and lodging were tolerable, and where the internees were allowed to do paid work on terms almost equal to those of the free labour market” (Vol. I, p. 646).
Not only did large numbers of the three million or so European Jews avoid internment altogether, but the emigration of Jews continued throughout the war, generally by way of Hungary, Rumania and Turkey. Ironically, post-war Jewish emigration from German-occupied territories was also facilitated by the Reich, as in the case of the Polish Jews who had escaped to France before its occupation. “The Jews from Poland who, whilst in France, had obtained entrance permits to the United States were held to be American citizens by the German occupying authorities, who further agreed to recognize the validity of about three thousand passports issued to Jews by the consulates of South American countries” (Vol. I, p. 645).
As future U.S. citizens, these Jews were held at the Vittel camp in southern France for American aliens. The emigration of European Jews from Hungary in particular proceeded during the war unhindered by the German authorities. “Until March 1944,” says the. Red Cross Report, “Jews who had the privilege of visas for Palestine were free to leave Hungary” (Vol. I, p. 648). Even after the replacement of the Horthy Government in 1944 (following its attempted armistice with the Soviet Union) with a government more dependent on German authority, the emigration of Jews continued.
The Committee secured the pledges of both Britain and the United States “to give support by every means to the emigration of Jews from Hungary,” and from the U.S. Government the ICRC received a message stating that “The Government of the United States … now specifically repeats its assurance that arrangements will be made by it for the care of all Jews who in the present circumstances are allowed to leave” (Vol. I, p . 649).
Biedermann agreed that in the nineteen instances that “Did Six Million Really Die?” quoted from the Report of the International Committee of the Red Cross on its Activities during the Second World War and Inter Arma Caritas (this includes the above material), it did so accurately.
A quote from Charles Biedermann (a delegate of the International Committee of the Red Cross and Director of the Red Cross’ International Tracing Service) under oath at the Zündel Trial (February 9, 10, 11 and 12, 1988).
The above is chapter nine from the book “Did Six Million Really Die?”.
Source

Greg Palast is Related to Mossad Chief David KimcheOctober 23, 2013

Christopher Bollyn — Bollyn.com Oct 7, 2013

Update:  Israeli spymaster and Mossad chief David Kimche is a first cousin with Greg Palast’s father.  So, what does that make Greg Palast? An honest reporter? The fact that Greg Palast has hidden his family ties to Israeli intelligence suggests that he is working for them. Why else would he hide this relevant relationship. It certainly does not look good for Greg Palast. Don’t Palast readers deserve to know about his ties to the Mossad?
Greg:  You should write a tell-all book with a title like My Life as a Disinfo Agent for the Mossad. Hey, it would sell big — but you might have to move to Israel.
GREG PALAST markets himself as an "investigative journalist" but he always misses the Israeli elephant in the room.  Could it be because his father's cousin was David Kimche, a "founding father" of Israel's intelligence agency - the Mossad?
MOSSAD CHIEF DAVID KIMCHE WITH BIBI NETANYAHU - Greg's father Gilbert is a first cousin of David Kimche (right), a founding father of the Mossad who was deeply involved in Iran-Contra and other Israeli state crimes until he died in March 2010. As a former head of the Mossad, Kimche would have had a pretty good idea about the Israeli connections to 9-11, something Greg denies knowing anything about.
Palast is notorious for ignoring the most obvious evidence of Israeli involvement in 9-11 - or the war in Iraq. He even went so far to say that there is no evidence of controlled demolition or explosives at the World Trade Center. Could his relationship to Israeli intelligence be the real reason he fails to see the obvious in these huge crimes? Palast refused to answer my questions about his relationship to the former deputy director of the Mossad - but the public deserves an explanation of his family ties to Israeli intelligence. Click to enlarge
WHAT CHUTZPAH - Palast rudely accused Dr. Steven E. Jones of being an "utter fraud" on INN with Lenny Charles, while his hides the fact that he is related to the "founding father" of the Mossad. Why would he hide that, if he is a honest "man of the people" reporter?
See 7-minute video:
“Greg Palast On 9/11 Controlled Demolition,” YouTube, May 31, 2007
http://youtu.be/LPijAYCJ2YA

Is Greg Palast a disinformation agent working for the Mossad? Why would a person tied to Israeli intelligence refuse to see the obvious evidence of explosive demolitions at the World Trade Center on 9-11?  Why does Israeli intelligence attack honest 9-11 researchers like Dr. Jones and myself? What does this tell us about the Israeli role in 9-11?

GERI PALAST - Greg's older sister is another Zionist agent working for the state of Israel. Geri is the managing director of the Israel Action Network, "a strategic initiative of The Jewish Federations of North America." She is responsible for the operations of the IAN and works to promote the image of the state of Israel. Her Mossad connections are an important part of her work.


DAVID KIMCHE, the British-born Israeli spymaster and deputy director of the Mossad, is the son of Sara Palast, Greg Palast's great-aunt and his father's aunt. This means that David Kimche and Greg's father are first cousins. In 1987 the New York Times described Kimche as "the former director general of the Israeli Foreign Ministry and now a private arms dealer" - when Kimche was served with a summons to testify before a federal grand jury about his role in the Iran-Contra affair. Kimche played a key role in the inception of the Reagan Administration's secret arms sales to Iran.

MOTHER OF THE MOSSAD - Sara Palast Kimche with her first five children (ca 1917).  David, born in 1928, was her last child.

Greg Palast is an American journalist who rudely accused Professor Steven E. Jones, the scientist who discovered nano-thermite in the dust of the World Trade Center of being “a complete fruitcake, and a complete, utter fraud” on INN with Lenny Charles in 2007.
I wrote an article about Greg Palast in August 2007 in which I revealed his Zionist roots from Poland and Chicago.  Having looked a bit more into the Palast family history, I found that Greg Palast is closely related to David Kimche, the late Israeli spymaster and deputy director of the Mossad — Greg’s father and David Kimche are first cousins.
David Kimche in 1983

When Kimche died in March 2010, his obituary in Ha’aretz read:
Kimche joined the Mossad spy agency in the early 1950s, and was in essence one of the organization’s founding fathers, among those who designed its doctrine and modus operandi. He was involved in just about every aspect of the Mossad over the course of his service, eventually reaching the position of deputy head of Mossad.
The fact that Palast is related to one of the founding fathers of Israeli intelligence might explain his refusal to see the obvious Israeli connections to 9-11, electronic vote fraud, and other mega-crimes. This raises the obvious question:  Is Greg Palast working for the Mossad?
To get Palast’s side of the story I looked him up in the White Pages and called his number.  A woman named Leni [von Eckardt] answered the phone.  I told her I was working on an article about the relationship between Greg Palast and David Kimche, the famous chief of the Mossad.  Leni was quick to confirm that they are related.  She gave me Greg Palast’s mobile number so I called him to ask about the details.  He refused to answer any questions about his family relationship to David Kimche and pretended to be offended that I was asking such questions.

Palast’s girlfriend Leni von Eckardt told me that he is related to David Kimche.
Source: Leni von Eckardt on Facebook

The relationship between Greg Palast and David Kimche is quite close and also explains Palast’s close connection to Britain and the Zionist establishment of London.  David Kimche was born in London on February 14, 1928.  Kimche’s mother was Polish-born Sara Palast, who married Moses Kimche from Grodno (then Poland).  Sara was the daughter of Theodore Palast and Sonia Celmaister, and had many siblings:  Nathan, Norman, Dora, Max, and Morris.
Sara’s brother Morris (a.k.a. Moritz or Maurice, born in Poland, 1897) came to Chicago and listed Norman Palast of 1056 Oakley Blvd. as his nearest relative when he registered for World War I.  Norman Palast is Greg Palast’s paternal grandfather, i.e. the father of his father, Gilbert Leon Palast.  The following documents indicate that Greg Palast’s father, Gilbert, is a cousin of the former deputy director of the Mossad. The fact that Greg Palast is related to a former director of the Mossad is a troubling relationship that demands an explanation.
Greg Palast's father was born to Norman and Anna Palast in Chicago, in 1921. Click to enlarge
Greg Palast's grandfather Norman (a.k.a. Nathan) Palast was born in Poland on January 26, 1888. Click to enlarge
Greg's grandfather Nathan immigrated to the U.S. on October 31, 1913. Click to enlarge
and gave 151 Minories, London, as his address of origin. Click to enlarge
and his brother Max in Chicago as his destination in the U.S. Click to enlarge
and his birthplace as Hrubieszow (Poland). Click to enlarge
151 Minories was the London home of Sonia and Theodore Palast, where Sara Palast lived before she Moses Kimche in 1908. This indicates that Sara Palast is a sister of Greg Palast's grandfather Nathan (Norman), which makes his father a cousin of David Kimche. Click to enlarge
Norman Palast lived at 1056 N. Oakley in Chicago in 1917, when he registered for the war.
Maurice Palast listed Nate Palast of 1056 N. Oakley Blvd. as his nearest relative.
Another Nathan Palast also lived at 1056 N. Oakley, which may be a brother or cousin of Norman (Nathan) Palast.
When Maurice Palast became a citizen in 1927 he lived a few doors away from Greg's grandfather.
Morris (a.k.a. Moritz, Maurice) Palast
Maurice Palast married Gertrud Newman of Cleveland in 1926.  He is buried in Cleveland. Click to enlarge
 


Sources and Recommended Reading:
Ancestry.com for records on the Palast and Kimche families
“David Kimche, an Israeli Adept as Spy and Diplomat, Dies at 82” by Isabel Kershner, March 9, 2010
www.nytimes.com/2010/03/10/world/middleeast/10kimche.html
David Kimche, Wikipedia, October 3, 2013
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Kimche
Gilbert Palast obituary, East County Magazine, November 22, 2010
eastcountymagazine.org/node/4849
“Greg Palast’s Attack on 9-11 Truth” by Christopher Bollyn, Bollyn.com, October 3, 2013 (originally posted August 11, 2007)
www.bollyn.com/greg-palasts-attack-on-9-11-truth/
“Greg Palast, the left wing of the Lobby” by Israel Shamir
www.israelshamir.net/English/Palast.htm
“Israeli spymaster and Mossad founding father David Kimche dies at 82” by Yossi Melman, Ha’aretz, March 9, 2010
www.haaretz.com/news/israeli-spymaster-and-mossad-founding-father-david-kimche-dies-at-82-1.266398
Source 

With thanks to Les Visible
Evidence: Syria Gas Attack Work of U.S. AlliesAugust 28, 2013

Jerome R. Corsi — WND August 27, 2013
As the U.S. considers a response to what it calls a chemical weapon attack by Syria’s Bashar al-Assad regime that killed hundreds of civilians, reliable Middle Eastern sources say they have evidence the culprits actually were the rebel forces trying to take over the government.
 
Secretary of State John Kerry accused the Assad government Monday of covering up the use of chemical weapons in “a cowardly crime” and a “moral obscenity” that shocked the world’s conscience. Kerry claimed the Obama administration had “undeniable” evidence “that the Assad government was culpable in the use of chemical weapons on civilians” in the Aug. 21 attack in Damascus suburbs.
 
Reports that the Obama administration is considering a military strike against the Assad government continued to circulate Monday. Meanwhile, U.N. weapon inspectors in Syria were fired upon by snipers as they attempted to investigate the site of the Aug. 21 attack.
 
Assad has rejected charges that his government forces used chemical weapons as “preposterous” and “completely politicized,” the Los Angeles Times reported.
 
He argues Syrian forces were in the targeted area.
 
“How is it possible that any country would use chemical weapons, or any weapons of mass destruction, in an area where its own forces are located?” Assad asked in the interview with Izvestia, according to a translation provided by Syria’s official news agency and published by the Los Angeles Times.
 
“This is preposterous! These accusations are completely politicized and come on the back of the advances made by the Syrian Army against the terrorists.”
Rebel attack?
With the assistance of former PLO member and native Arabic-speaker Walid Shoebat, WND has assembled evidence from various Middle Eastern sources that cast doubt on Obama administration claims the Assad government is responsible for last week’s attack.
 
A video posted on YouTube, embedded below, shows Free Syrian Army, or FSA, rebel forces launching a Sarin gas attack on a Syrian village.

Another video posted on YouTube shows what appears to be Syrian rebel forces loading a canister of nerve gas on a rocket to fire presumably at civilians and possibly government forces.

As seen below, a screen capture from the video shows rebel civilian forces placing a suspicious blue canister on top of a rocket-launching device.

A separate YouTube video from Syrian television shows a government-captured arsenal of what appears to be nerve gas weapons seized from a rebel stronghold in Jobar, Syria.
 
The image below shows canisters in the seized rebel arsenal from Jobar that appear to resemble the canister launched by rebel forces in the first image above.

A close-up from the Syrian television news report, seen below, shows a chemical agent identified as having been made by a “Saudi factory.”

 
 

A report from the Russian Arabic-language channel RT Arabic shows captured rebel arsenals apparently with chemical agents manufactured in Saudi Arabia and gas masks, supporting Russian claims that the rebels are the culprits in the alleged chemical attack.

On Aug. 23, LiveLeak.com hosted an audio recording of a phone call broadcast on Syrian TV between a terrorist affiliated with the rebel civilian militia “Shuhada al-Bayada Battalion” in Homs, Syria, and his Saudi Arabian boss, identified as “Abulbasit.” The phone call indicates rebel-affiliated terrorists in Syria, not the Assad government, launched the chemical weapons attack in Deir Ballba in the Homs, Syria, countryside.
 
The terrorist said his group, which comprises 200 terrorists escaped from al-Bayadah to al-Daar al-Kabera through a tunnel, needed to buy weapons to attack Homs.
 
The Saudi financier, who was in Cairo, asked the Syrian terrorists to give details about his group and how it will receive the money. The Saudi admitted his support to terrorists in Daraa and the Damascus countryside. The Syrian terrorist told him that one of the achievements of his “battalion” was the use of chemical weapons in Deir Ballba.
 
The recorded phone call disclosed the cooperation between two terrorist groups in Syria to bring two bottles of Sarin Gas from the Barzeh neighborhood in Damascus.
 
Russian media sources have consistently reported Syrian military have discovered rebel warehouses containing chemical weapons agents and have documented rebel chemical weapons attacks on the Syrian civilians the military.
Source 

The day the gas-chamber myth diedJune 10, 2013

Paul Eisen Blogspot — June 6, 2013
This is Fred Leuchter. Fred Leuchter was the specialist in designing U.S. execution facilities who was called on, in the mid-eighties,  by Ernst Zundel’s defense team to examine the ‘gas-chambers’ at Auschwitz. Leuchter duly obliged and published his findings in the “Leuchter Report”. Flawed but essentially truthful, its findings were later confirmed by Germar Rudolf and, I believe, by the Auschwitz Museum authorities themselves.  
For revisionists, the day Leuchter’s findings were presented to the Toronto court was the day the myth of the homicidal gas-chambers was finally laid to rest.


Video link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IALzSRE1XhE



Source

London Beheading Hoax Confirmed?May 24, 2013

By Chris & Sheree Geo — Truth Frequency Radio May 22, 2013
Two men allegedly beheaded a soldier in the streets of London today, in what is being described as a “brutal coordinated attack”. The perpetrators gave an interview after the fact, stuck around for about 20 or 30 minutes until police arrived, speaking to bystanders. Initial reports stated that they died in custody. The most recent reports say that they are alive in a hospital.
The world is all a stage. Call me jaded, cynical, skeptical or even out right crazy but this event has all of the same earmarks as the Sandy Hook, The Boston Marathon Bombing and so many recent events. The stage is a some-what well organized area, actors seem to be placed in strategic areas waiting for their cue and once again we see the remarkable absence of blood. The story as reported by Sky News and the BBC are also full of anti-Islamic propaganda, even going so far as to claim the “perpetrator” yelled“Allahu akbar,” just before beheading the man.
A man on a bus (on his way to a job interview) filmed the events and even managed to get an interview with the perpetrator. Despite a massive amount of searching we have been unable to find the raw footage of this event. The only video circulating is the same worn out ITV NEWS video claiming the man made the following statement:
““We swear by Almighty Allah, we will never stop fighting you until you leave us alone. The only reasons we killed this man is because Muslims are dying daily. This British soldier is an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. We apologize that woman had to see this today, but in our lands our women have to see the same. You people will never be safe. Remove your government. They don’t care about you.””
The man sounds like he has a natural South African accent posing as a man with a British accent. As we saw prior to the massacre of Gaddafi and the Libyan people, Israel, MI6 and the west often recruit African mercenaries to do their dirty work. It wouldn’t surprise me if this man is an African mercenary paid to play this role.
According to the mainstream accounts, the men got into a confrontation on the road which escalated into a “coordinated” beheading. Well, make up your mind! Was it well coordinated and premeditated or was it impulsive? In the video below you will see a woman with a shopping card passing through the set and right next to the attacker as he’s giving an interview after which the camera cuts away quickly. You would imagine that you would walk AWAY from a man wielding a butcher bloody butcher knife and a decapitated body but instead she walks RIGHT PAST the man! 


The propaganda actors are out in full bloom too!
Another witness, who gave his name only as James, told London’s LBC 97.3 radio station that he saw two men standing by the victim on the floor.
At first he thought they were trying to help the man but then saw two meat cleavers, like a butcher would have.
“They were hacking at this poor guy, literally,” he told the radio station, as if they were trying to remove his organs.
“These two guys were crazed. They were just not there. They were just animals.
So we are supposed to believe these two men gruesomely beheaded a random stranger in broad daylight and everyone around is calm as can be? And the only blood anywhere to be seen is in the victims hands and on the knife? There is no blood on the victims clothes, no blood on the street, nothing at all, despite the fact that these were supposedly very crude cuts and “gruesome hacking’. And who walks around with meat cleaver? And who in their right mind wants to be seen on as many cameras as possible after committing a horrific murder?
He said after the “horrendous” attack, the two men, who were also in their 20s, stood around, waving knives and a gun, and asked people to take pictures of them “as if they wanted to be on TV or something”.
“They were oblivious to anything, they were more worried about having their photo taken, running up and down the road,” he said.

Although we’re no blood splatter analysts, something doesn’t look right with the amount of blood present on the scene. In the photos released by the media several hours afterward, there is a large amount of brownish-looking blood  smeared on the pavement, whereas in the picture above, that same blood is missing. Also, in one photo, the back end of the vehicle is intact ; In the next, it is smashed in. These are all indicators of two different crime scenes, not one.

It reminds one a bit of this old Monty Python sketch (actually, we’re being quite generous, really ; Monty Python was much more convincing).
The Case For Calling The London Beheading a Hoax




Even in the photo below, which some say “proves” this wasn’t a hoax, it looks like someone just smeared a small bucket of blood around, with no drag marks extending to the place where the body was filmed.

Update (As of 05/23/2013 at 3:07PM, there have been two more arrests of people, a male and female, both aged 29, “connected to the terrorist attack.” The two other suspects arrested were shot by the police and are in custody.
One of the suspects arrested today, Michael Adebolajo, is alleged to have connections to an “illegal Islamic group” in the UK called Al Muhajiroun, which, according to the National Post, “favors sharia law and publicly celebrated the Sept. 11 bombings in the U.S.”.
Previous Knowledge by MI-5?
According to the UK Mirror:
MI5 and police Counter Terror Command have known that something as specific as a beheading – preferably in public – has been suggested before.
In 2006, there was a plot by a Birmingham terror cell to kidnap a Muslim British soldier and film him being beheaded “like a pig”.
The plot was smashed by police and MI5 and the gang of five Islamist extremists jailed.
Knowing just how similar British Intelligence is to our own perverted, corrupt CIA/FBI/DHS, this comes as no surprise whatsoever.
Chris & Sheree Geo founded Truth Frequency Radio with the purpose of compiling an archive of information which can be used for generations to come. Not your typical radio show, Truth Frequency focuses more on the history of the occult and the deeper underlying conspiracy behind current events in an effort to predict the future by understanding the past. Chris & Sheree are not only researchers into the occult and esoteric but have also produced the musical album Global Resistance which is a mixture of rock, techno and hip hop with conscious lyrics exposing the New World Order.
Source 
Photo surfaces of ‘The Craft’ mobile communications van at Boston marathonApril 19, 2013

Mike Adams — Natural News April 19, 2013
A detailed, hi-res photo of more “The Craft” operatives and what appears to be their mobile communications van has just surfaced. “The Craft” is a group of private military operatives who have been revealed through a fast-growing number of photos published by Natural News and Info Wars.
 
The mainstream media is engaged in a total blackout and refuses to run any photos of “The Craft” operatives. This story is quickly becoming the biggest media cover-up in history.
 
Natural News was the first to identify the brand of the radiation detector being held in the hand of one “Craft” operatives. Now, we appear to be the first to run this photo of what looks to be an extremely high-end mobile communications van with seven more “Craft” operatives.
 
The van clearly has a foldable satellite dish as well as what is possibly a microwave communications dome. The vehicle is a Chevy Escalade that has been outfitted with hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of roof racks and communications equipment.
 
Note: We can’t be 100% certain this vehicle belongs to The Craft team, but it fits their M.O. While all the other emergency vehicles on the scene are clearly marked, this vehicle is unmarked. The proximity of The Craft members to the van is also an indication that this vehicle may be a “rally point.”
 
Here’s the image:
 
For a hi-res version of this photo, click the following link:
http://www.naturalnews.com/gallery/articles/The_Craft_Communications_.
 IP satellite?
We may have identified the nature of the dish on the top of the vehicle. It closely resembles Quickspot IP satellite systems.
 

Quickspot allows a vehicle to have broadband internet access on demand, anywhere in the world.
 
Here are some additional photos of “The Craft” operatives that the alternative media has spearheaded while the delusional mainstream media continues to pretend that none of these photos even exist!
Continues with more photos at source … 


 
Caught but not about to be arrested: Craft International Trained Men at Boston Bombing Location Before AttackApril 19, 2013


Scott Crieghton — therebel.org April 19, 2013

Source 
Untold Truths About the Planned War on IranApril 9, 2013
Press TV — February 4, 2013

Also see: 
War with Iran: The Hidden Story the US Navy Does Not Want You to Know About
Americans are training Syria rebels in Jordan: SpiegelMarch 10, 2013
Reuters — Mar 10, 2013
Americans are training Syrian anti-government fighters in Jordan, the German weekly Der Spiegel said on Sunday, quoting what it said were participants and organizers.
Spiegel said it was not clear whether the Americans worked for private firms or were from the army but said some wore uniforms. The training focused on use of anti-tank weaponry.
Some 200 men have already received such training over the past three months and there are plans in the future to provide training for a total 1,200 members of the “Free Syrian Army” in two camps in the south and the east of the country.
Britain’s Guardian newspaper also reported that U.S. trainers were assisting Syrian rebels in Jordan. British and French instructors were also participating in the U.S.-led effort, the Guardian said on Saturday, citing Jordanian security sources.
Jordanian intelligence services are involved in the program, which aims to build around a dozen units totaling some 10,000 fighters to the exclusion of radical Islamists, Spiegel reported.
“The Jordanian intelligence services want to prevent Salafists (radical Islamists) crossing from their own country into Syria and then returning later to stir up trouble in Jordan itself,” one of the organizers told the paper.
The reports could not be independently verified.
A spokesman for the U.S. Defense Department declined immediate comment on the Spiegel report. The French foreign ministry and Britain’s foreign and defense ministries also had no comment.
More than 70,000 people have been killed and 1 million refugees have fled the Syrian conflict.
It started as pro-democracy protests but has turned into a sectarian war between rebels mainly from Syria’s Sunni Muslim majority and state forces defending President Bashar al Assad, who follows the Alawite faith derived from Shi’ite Islam.
The United States has said it would provide medical supplies and food directly to opposition fighters but has ruled out sending arms for fear they may find their way to Islamist hardliners who might then use them against Western targets.
Saudi Arabia and Qatar are widely believed to be providing weapons to the rebels, and Arab League ministers decided on Wednesday to let member nations arm them.
(Reporting by Gareth Jones; Editing by Jason Webb)
Source http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/03/10/us-syria-crisis-rebels-usa-idUSBRE9290FI20130310
 
All the years Israel said an Iranian nuke was imminent…March 6, 2013
Sunny Hundal – Liberal Conspiracy Jan 29, 2013
The US media is once again reporting Israeli speculation on Iranian attempts to build a nuclear weapon.
Now, I do think the current Iranian government would like to have nuclear weapons capability.
But here’s a timeline of Israeli warnings on Iranian nukes (via Opinio Juris)
1984: West German intelligence sources claim that Iran’s production of a bomb “is entering its final stages.” US Senator Alan Cranston claims Iran is seven years away from making a weapon.
1992: Israeli parliamentarian Benjamin Netanyahu tells his colleagues that Iran is 3 to 5 years from being able to produce a nuclear weapon.
1995: The New York Times reports that US and Israeli officials fear “Iran is much closer to producing nuclear weapons than previously thought” – less than five years away. Netanyahu claims the time frame is three to five years.
1996: Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres claims Iran will have nuclear weapons in four years.
1998: Former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld claims Iran could build an ICBM capable of reaching the US within five years.
1999: An Israeli military official claims that Iran will have a nuclear weapon within five years.
2001: The Israeli Minister of Defence claims that Iran will be ready to launch a nuclear weapon in less than four years.
2002: The CIA warns that the danger of nuclear weapons from Iran is higher than during the Cold War, because its missile capability has grown more quickly than expected since 2000 – putting it on par with North Korea.
2003: A high-ranking Israeli military officer tells the Knesset that Iran will have the bomb by 2005 — 17 months away.
2006: A State Department official claims that Iran may be capable of building a nuclear weapon in 16 days.
2008: An Israeli general tells the Cabinet that Iran is “half-way” to enriching enough uranium to build a nuclear weapon and will have a working weapon no later than the end of 2010.
2009: Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak estimates that Iran is 6-18 months away from building an operative nuclear weapon.
2010: Israeli decision-makers believe that Iran is at most 1-3 years away from being able to assemble a nuclear weapon.
2011: IAEA report indicates that Iran could build a nuclear weapon within months.
2013: Israeli intelligence officials claim that Iran could have the bomb by 2015 or 2016.
There shouldn’t be any doubt that it is entirely foolish to rely on Israeli intelligence on the matter.
Source
Six Million Jews 1915-1938March 4, 2013

Also see:
The “Six Million” Myth
The Total Solar Eclipse in Scorpio, November 13th, 2012November 16, 2012
Introduction – Helen Noakes Nov 13, 2012
I find this to be an incredible article, an in depth report by Astrologer Salvador Russo as to the potent significance of todays Total Solar Eclipse which goes on into the future in ways that are just amazing …. According to Salvador, the old ways are on their way OUT!  And this is what the Mayan wise men and Astrologers saw so long ago, and why this time on Planet Earth is so significant.
This article delivers an in depth look at the amazing power of this eclipse today, which goes beyond today’s aspects, and into the future as the corrupt system begins to break down of it’s own inherent evil.
The Total Solar Eclipse in Scorpio, Nov 13th, 2012
The Starseed Astrology Blog – Nov 13, 2012
On November 13th, 2012, a Total Solar Eclipse will occur in the House of Scorpio effecting a grand bifurcation and transmutation of all things upon the Earth.  Beginning with and beyond this event positive, obvious, and powerful life transformations of all magnitudes will manifest brilliantly within our lives.  The eclipse will provide the cosmic ignition to Saturn, setting its young transit in Scorpio ablaze, and it will have a crippling effect upon those who have attempted to subvert humanity’s predestined evolution.  A vibrational divide will commence which will separate lower vibrational beings from their higher counterparts, to include, and especially in the physical sense.  With rebirth being a potent theme, look for life to become far more profound beyond the shadow of this Scorpio solar eclipse!
Expect the following types of Scorpio solar eclipse synchronicities: supernatural psychic activations, literal and metaphorical deaths, total transformations of material circumstances, great transferences of power, investigations that shock and cause outcry, necessary and favorable conversions of resources, the relentless exposure of evil, crime, and secrecy, the purging of corruption, medical traumas and the sudden awareness of disease, sacred and paradigm ending revelations, sudden appropriations of wealth, great disruptions to secret societies, the breaking of entanglements, the deepening of spiritual devotion, breakthroughs in psychotherapy, the enforcement of accountability, public shamings, and revivals of health.
As a rule, all eclipses sync with divinely ordained experiences, the most powerful type being the total solar eclipse.  When an eclipse occurs currents of fate ripple throughout our lives.  It is important to know this because there are times in life where God shows His hand.  Eclipses qualify to be included among these times.  The nature of one’s eclipse experience will always reflect their Light Quotient, which is the composite of one’s mental, spiritual, and physical vibrations.  Eclipses are designed to quantum leap our lives and they have been heralded throughout history as omens of radical change – and rightly so!  By referencing one’s own horoscope, which is in fact a sacred document, one can very easily determine where an eclipse will have the greatest impact on their lives.  Their effects needn’t be secret.
Quite literally, a new world will emerge beyond November 13th.  The bifurcation effect of this eclipse, and of Saturn’s transit in Scorpio, will work to physically separate people based on their vibrational polarity.  People will begin to disconnect and reconnect in the most intimate of ways that allow for new strengths to emerge.  As a result, those of a lower vibration will find themselves unbelievably restricted and amidst impossibly difficult circumstances while others of a higher vibration will enjoy an empowering and beautifying metamorphosis that will allow them to advance in life and serve God’s will for our race and planet.  Polarity is one of the principle laws of nature so watch as people are divided and reconnected in accordance with it.
Two of the preeminent themes of Saturn’s transit in Scorpio will make dramatic entrances with this eclipse: that of sex and disease, and of all of the things connected to them.  Sexual indiscretion, to include past indiscretions, will now carry painful, costly, and potentially deadly consequences.  One would be wise to abstain from sexual activity lest it is accompanied with the love vibration.  Sexuality will become a topic of intense and sustained trial where the natures of gender will serve as a plane of challenge, growth, and learning.  We are wise to treat sex with respect because it belongs to the House that also encompasses what is sacred and what is deadly.
Victories against and manifestations of disease will also soon present as major life themes for millions and millions of people.  Recovery and cure will come to some while others are abducted by affliction and forced into dark territory, personal vibration being the determining factor.  The element of water will become more vital than ever so observe as the aqueous comes into focus as a carrier of pathogens, a course for healing, and a domain of adversity.  We have entered a time where hidden cures will become disclosed and where great swathes of our population will accept the grim reality that disease and death have been cloaked as food and medicine by our most trusted earthly agencies.  Revelation and transformation do belong to the same House: Scorpio.
This eclipse and its cycle, of a force so great as to cause the end of an international war, will bring the reality of the occurrence of the most heinous crimes powerfully into the collective consciousness.  In specific I am referring to human slavery, ritual sacrifice, pedophilia, torture networks, sex trafficking, drug smuggling, criminal conspiracy and coverup, and deeply entrenched satanic networks, all of which have been sanctioned and enabled by the highest offices and personages of modern international society.  It is promised that the filth of the House of Scorpio will be brought into sight.  Babylon will be seen as never before!
Organized crime syndicates will now begin to be dismantled and will be mortally wounded as Saturn transits Scorpio, the House of crime.  As the participants of this world possess some of the lowest vibrations imaginable reality itself will bleed them dry.  Criminal cooperation will become a thing of the past.  This miserable lot will implode from unrelenting stressors to include disconnection from logistical support, raw materials, and financial liquidity, criminal prosecutions, chain of command failures, and factional war – watch as they turn on themselves.  Spread the word: organized crime has no future.
It is of personal importance that beyond this eclipse and during its subsequent six moon cycle we each work to transmute every form and instance of darkness that we find in our lives into something resembling divinity.  A high eclipse calling would be that we all strive to become experts in the ancient alchemical art of transmutation.  With this focus we will need to re-allocate our energy and resources into the areas of our lives which are most in need.  Many of us will need to let go of things long held dear in order to fare well into the future.  Some will be bitter to arrive at such a crossroads but the time for the most drastic types of life transformations to occur has come, signaled by our shadowed sun.
With the goal of self-mastery in our hearts and minds we would each benefit from an internal inspection that focuses on the identification of flaws and of our ability to evolve beyond them.  To aid in this process I encourage my readers to purge things that are known to be harmful from their midst, in any shape or form, material or immaterial, internal or external.  The pluming of the psyche will be a required course where psychological self-reflection and awareness of self-limitation become crystallized in our consciousness.  As arduous as this type of inner-journey may be delight in knowing that the momentum and rhythm of life, as soon to be established by the coming eclipse, will promote the success of astonishingly positive re-creations of our character and our lives.
As many of us have become aware our minds can interface with the cosmos to alter our futures in tremendously favorable ways.  Spacetime is malleable to choice and intention.  On that note here is an example of an intention to set, during the upcoming eclipse, so that maximum benefit may be enjoyed: “I have transcended every lower vibrational aspect of my life beginning with and beyond this eclipse.”  November 13th is a wise time to set benevolent and encompassing intentions, by the way.  A quickened ascension in life is the reward for this verbal or telepathic effort.
A black sun approaches for all who are living, some won’t survive it, and this can mean singing.  A time of rebirth, but where will life take us?  Those rich in spirit know that nothing can break us.  Let’s purge all their poison, they think themselves clever, their methods grow obvious, we can easily sever.  A new world is dawning, one of virtue and Light, God’s hand is coming with the scorpion’s might.  This House is intense, like a coal into diamond, by vanquishing fear you can learn how to find Him.
Our cycle of life does include death, so while we’re all here let’s give this our best.  Mystery and water, mixed close by the Father, the elements have gender, like a son and a daughter.  As much as they try they’re promised to fail, Babylon’s is fallen, their leaders turn frail.  Now of all these last words, these next are worth most, pray to God dearly for our spirit’s rebirth.
Mystically,
Astrologer Salvador Russo
Source 
Scallywag Magazine article on Lord McAlpine and Derek LaudNovember 15, 2012
Lord McAlpine and the Paedophile Ring
First Posted Here Nov 15, 2012 — Updated Nov 24, 2014
Angus James – From the original Scallywag Magazine in the 1990s
Lord McAlpine has described allegations that he sexually abused young boys at a North Wales children’s home as “wholly false and seriously defamatory.“
While Steve Messham, a former resident of the care home, says he had “mistakenly” identified Lord McAlpine as an abuser of boys at the home.
As the following article reveals however, Messham had already been beaten up twice during the 1990s to keep him quiet about the sexual abuse of youngsters. Had he been threatened with more if he didn’t retract his most recent allegations about McAlpine?
The Scallywag article reveals a real can of worms and raises more serious questions about Lord McAlpine’s activities and those of his associates. Such as Derek Laud (above), a long-time family friend of the Camerons and a guest at their wedding, who is also named in the following article.
Laud was the first black member of the Conservative Monday Club in the early 1980s and the first black Master of Foxhounds in Britain. Like Lord McAlpine he is surrounded by all the trappings of the British establishment but like McAlpine he’s also been named as a serious abuser of young boys. 
The late Lord McAlpine was repeatedly linked with allegations of child abuse involving British politicians. Although never conclusively proven and despite his winning damages from the media involved for publicising the claims, which were allegedly based on a case of “mistaken identity“, doubts remain.
The ongoing Westminster paedophile scandal are the latest of these unsavoury goings-on to see the light of day. Like the earlier claims about Jimmy Savile’s activities, these claims were initially met with adamant denials.
Nonetheless they have continued and they are gradually gaining credence, as this scandal reaches right to the very core of the British establishment and exposes its rotten, black heart.
The photocopies below from an  out-0t-print article cite Lord McAlpine in the abuse of young boys at care homes. They also reveal police complicity in hiding the findings of the original investigation and mark the start of an ongoing saga of depravity. The following files, which can be greatly enlarged for reading, chart where it all began.
McAlpine 1. Click to enlarge
McAlpine 2. Click to enlarge
McAlpine 3. Click to enlarge
McAlpine 4. Click to enlarge
Source
Also see the recent article that rekindled the controversy over the abuse of youngsters at care homes:
Alleged ‘leading Tory from Thatcher years was part of paedophile ring who raped boys at Welsh children’s home’
David Icke DebunkedSeptember 10, 2012
“This film from Chris White takes a very close look at David Icke’s history and beliefs. It reveals the true sources of David Icke’s theories which are often shocking, and should be very concerning for a genuine seeker of truth. This is a well rounded expose which is done respectfully, while still attempting to get the average truther to reevaluate what they really know about the “endgame” of the Illuminati…”
Viewer Comments
“I can’t recommend watching it enough. It explains… that the elites are intentionally ‘exposing’ the New Word Order and are encouraging us to ‘rise up’, ‘rebel’ or ‘revolt’ in order to destroy it. Out of the ashes (chaos) of the destroyed ‘old order’ (a corrupted, demoralised and degraded ‘West’ masquerading as the New World Order) will rise the phoenix that will be the new system. This system will, of course, be sold to us as the end of all wars, justice for all, sharing, equality etc but will actually be the very (Luciferian) New Age communitarianism the elites wanted all along.” – Revolution Harry (revolutionharry.blogspot.com)
“Finally got around to watching it. David Icke Debunked is fantastic, really well presented/researched and absolutely essential viewing for anyone who’s ever heard of David Icke. If you don’t have time to watch the whole thing, at least watch the final half-hour as it gets into how/why David Icke and other “conspiracy heroes” are being used as a controlled-opposition leaders, preparing us for certain future events and ideologies.” – Eric Dubay (atlanteanconspiracy.com)
Watch this extensive and well researched video at source, or below where it downloads at a slightly slower speed.  

9/11 and Zion: What Was Israel’s Role?August 31, 2012
Nick Kollerstrom (with Jim Fetzer) – Veterans Today August 22, 2012
A nation can survive its fools, and even the ambitious, but it cannot survive treason from within. An enemy at the gates is less formidable, for he is known and he carries his banners openly. But the traitor moves among those within the gate freely, his sly whispers rustling through all the alleys, heard in the very halls of government itself. – Marcus Cicero, to the Roman Senate, 42 BC
One may feel shocked by this title. Zionists have such a grip upon “The Guilt Industry”, virtually a monopoly, politically speaking. Was 9/11 an inside job? America was in some degree seeded with the perpetration of this event, from outside, and various echelons of its security services and military then responded by co-operating and then weaving a Muslims-did-it story. That is the hypothesis we will here examine. So when Netanyahu said the very next day, ‘This is very good for Israel”, he wasn’t just blurting out something indiscreet, he was publicly congratulating the various agents who had worked so hard. The smooth integrity which the official story soon acquires, is an expression of the nation’s will-to-survive: an event has taken place and been covered up, where the Truth cannot come out without effectively disintegrating the nation, in its present form. Aye, there’s the rub. That is the sense of fun which the Chief Operators derive, as they see all the media, who may not particularly like them, compelled to endorse and weave out of their own accord, the fabricated tale. Here are the “Seven Pillars” of the argument.
I. Silverstein and the WTC
The private property developer, billionaire Larry Silverstein, acquired the WTC complex off the New York Port Authority (founded and owned by the Rockefeller family), two months before 9/11 – the first time in its 33-year history the complex had ever changed ownership. Silverstein was formerly a chairman of the United Jewish Appeal, the largest Zionist organization dedicated to raising money and support for Israel. Lewis Eisenberg, former chairman of The New York Port Authority and the man who personally supervised the negotiations that delivered the 99-year lease to Silverstein, is also a former leader of the United Jewish Appeal. His first order of business as the new owner was to change the company responsible for the security of the complex: the new security company he hired was Securacom (now Stratasec). George W. Bush’s brother, Marvin Bush, was on its board of directors, and Marvin’s cousin, Wirt Walker III, was its CEO. According to public records, not only did Securacom provide electronic security for the World Trade Center, it also covered Dulles International Airport and United Airlines — two key locations in the 9/11 attacks.
Silverstein personally ordered WTC-7 to be demolished (“pulled”) around noon of 9/11 and has never been cross-examined by any enquiry over this. His firm had built that very building in the mid-1980s! In 1980, Silverstein Associates won a bid to lease and develop that portion of the WTC, and to build the 47-story “Building 7″

Despite being a mere leaseholder of the buildings, he was the sole beneficiary of the insurance payouts. He increased the insurance policies, when he signed the lease two months before the catastrophe happened. The insurance was for 3.6 billion dollars, but he found an obscure clause in the insurance policy which enabled him to claim twice, one for each “attack!” “Larry Silverstein, since July landlord of the towers, demands from the insurers $7,2 billion compensation, his speaker, Steve Solomon, said. .. with help from New York’s Jewish mayor, Michael Bloomberg he found investments to rebuild the WTC. A good chunk of the seven billion insurance went to Israel, so God once more helped out His chosen people, financially” [1]. Ground Zero is being rebuilt by Daniel Liebeskind, the Jewish architect of Berlin’s “Jewish Museum”. The person said to be Silverstein’s closest friend — one with whom he speaks almost daily by phone — is the former Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu. For financial reasons (chiefly involving asbestos problems) the WTC complex was no longer viable and needed to be demolished, but the costs of doing this legally were prohibitive.
In the early 1990s, a group of leading U.S. Jewish businessmen formed a company that was to become the Israel Export Development Company, as a way to make it easier for foreign investors to trade with Israel. It never quite worked out (for complex reasons), despite the best efforts of Benjamin Netanyahu, but following that struggle gives us the impression of Silverstein as possibly the most distinguished US financier assisting Israel. Thus, David Yerushalmi, who had led the IEDC effort since its inception, was asked to turn over the leadership of the company to Silverstein, an accomplished real estate developer and ardent fundraiser for the Jewish Federation of New York, itself a big contributor to Israel. Perhaps, had it worked out, events would not have let to the donation which he made to Israel, following the insurance claim from the WTC-7 collapse.
WTC-7 appeared as the only steel framed building in history for which fire was the sole cause of its collapse. Any building that was not owned by Silverstein Properties that day strangely remained upright, despite being a lot closer to the two towers that collapsed onto them. Let’s quote what Lucky Larry said on acquiring the leasehold: “This is a dream come true, we will be in control of a prized asset, and we will seek to develop its potential, raising it to new heights”.
II. Zakheim and his Missing Trillions
Ordained Rabbi, Zionist and citizen of Israel, Dov Zakheim served as Comptroller of the Pentagon, i.e. he was in charge of its finances, from May 2001 to March 2004. While Bush was still Governor of Texas, Zakheim became one of his closest advisers, counseling him on defense technology and strategic aspects of Middle Eastern affairs, and was Bush’s senior foreign policy advisor during the 2000 campaign. Dov had earlier held the position of Chief Executive Officer at Systems Planning Corporation (SPC), then he became the Undersecretary of Defense and Comptroller (head money man) of the Pentagon in May 2001, appointed by Bush. He was sworn in as the Under-Secretary of Defense and Chief Financial Officer for the Department of Defense on May 4, 2001. Since then over three trillion dollars has gone unaccounted-for.
Dov Zakheim’s SPC offers the appropriately named “‘Flight Termination System’ for remote control and flight termination of airborne test vehicles” [2]. It consists of a Command transmitter system plus custom control, interface and monitoring systems.’ The system can be configured to operate from a single local site, or with several remote sites. It does sound useful.

System Planning Corporation, of which he had been Corporate Vice-President, is a high-tech, research and manufacturing firm based in Arlington, Virginia, a major player in the “Homeland Security” industry and a leading designer of airborne remote control technology. It makes the Command Transmitter System, a remote control system for planes, boats, missiles and other vehicles, which can be configured to interface with all sorts of vehicle types. He is Chief Executive Officer of SPC International Corporation, a subsidiary of SPC that specializes in political, military, and economic consulting. A subsidiary of this firm, Tridata Corporation, oversaw the investigation of the first “terrorist” attack on the World Trade Center in 1993, which would have provided vital first-hand knowledge of the security systems and structural blueprints of the World Trade Center.
Zakheim has close ties to the Israeli government, holding dual Israeli-American citizenship [3]. As a member of the Council for Foreign Relations, and founding member of the Neo-con cult, he co-authored the Heritage Foundation’s infamous tract, “Rebuilding America’s Defenses: Strategy, Forces and Resources for a New Century” published by The American Enterprise’s “Project for a New American Century”, in which the Bush Administration’s entire design for renewed global conquest was laid down, exactly a year prior to 9/11. It called for “some catastrophic and catalyzing event – like a new Pearl Harbor” as necessary to foster the frame of mind needed for the American public to support a war in the Middle East. As a respected and established voice in the intelligence community, his views were eagerly accepted.
In 2004, an article entitled The Mastermind Behind 9/11? on the ‘Truthseeker’ website [4] expressed the view that:
Considering his access to Boeing 767 tankers, remote control flight systems, and his published views in the PNAC document, it seems very likely he is in fact a key figure in the alleged terrorist attacks in New York City on September 11, 2001. Rabbi Zakheim had access to things like structural integrity, blueprints and any number of important facets of information about the WTC through his work with Tridata Corporation in the investigation of the bombing of the WTC in 1993. That he had access to remote control technology through his work at System Planning Corporation (SPC); that he had access to Boeing aircraft through a lease deal he brokered while working at the Pentagon; and finally, that he was part of a group of politically radical Straussian Neo-Conservatives, who, through their association with PNAC, called for restructuring of the Middle East.
In response, the Truthseeker was threatened with prosecution by Zakheim’s lawyers in 2005 and had to remove the article. However, the insightful articles, “Dov Zakheim and the 9/11 Conspiracy” and also “The Mastermind Behind 9/11” can still be viewed [5].
The planes that purportedly slammed into the Towers that morning were supposed to be Boeing 767s, and Zakheim had contracted and sent a number of these to Florida-MacDill Air Force Base before the event. The Flight Termination System produced by his SPC does somewhat resemble the object visible in photographs under the fuselage of flight 175, just prior to its impact into the South Tower [6]. This plane is suspected to have been a KC-767, the military tanker version of the Boeing 767. As the Truthseeker observed, the remote-control technology whereby those specially-prepared planes impacted the Towers, was probably made and managed by Zakheim’s company. In addition he has enabled substantial support for Israel over the years: thanks to him, Israel is awash in F-15′s, F-16′s, and the latest in offensive and defensive missile systems – sold to Israel at a fraction of their value. Zakheim had a central role in the perpetration of 9/11.
III. Israeli Intelligence-Espionage Companies
The airline security company responsible for the shocking security lapses at both the Boston and Newark airports on 9/11 is a wholly-owned subsidiary of an Israeli company (ICTS) headed by men with clear ties to Israel’s military intelligence agency, Mossad: Huntleigh, USA is a subsidiary of International Consultants on Targeted Security, headed by “former [Israeli] military commanding officers and veterans of government intelligence and security agencies. It sells security, ticketing, check-in and passenger screening services to Boston’s Logan airport and New Jersey’s Newark airport.
Menachem Atzmon, convicted in Israel in 1996 for campaign finance fraud, and his business partner Ezra Harel, took over management of security at the Boston and Newark airports when their company ICTS bought Huntleigh USA in 1999. UAL Flight 175 and AA 11, which allegedly struck the Twin Towers, both originated in Boston, while UAL 93, which purportedly crashed in Pennsylvania, departed from the Newark airport. Atzmon just happens to be a good friend of current Israeli Prime minister, Ehud Olmert. In fact, Atzmon is such a good friend of Almert that he was involved in a financial scandal involving forged receipts for donations to the Likud campaign with Olmert back in 1997 when Atzmon was co-treasurer of the Likud party [7].
Does this at last explain how those “Muslim hijackers” could appear as getting on the planes, with no CCTV pictures of them anywhere in the airports, no Arab names on any flight lists, no boarding staff prepared to testify to having seen any Arab-looking guys mount the planes, nor any post-mortems indicating any Arab bodies anywhere? That phantasm could be woven, and sustained, with the aid of Israeli intelligence agents handling security and passenger screening at just those very airports [8].
Two Israeli-based companies Amdocs and Comverse have wiretapping technologies, which tend to have a back door built in to overhear monitored conversations [9]. In January 2001, Comverse purchased a large stake in the company Odigo, ‘giving it access to Odigo’s operations, accounting and technologies.’ In 1999, the NSA issued a top secret report on how US phone records were getting into ‘foreign’ i.e. Israeli hands, concerning Israeli-linked drug-crime mafia rings.
A revealing, four-part investigative series was aired by Fox News in December 2001, by Carl Cameron. This outlined how the Israeli-controlled company Amdocs had installed new White House communications system during the mid-1990s. This stimulated FBI probes into the extent of Israeli eavesdropping on calls to and from the White House, NSC, Pentagon and State Department. Clearly, Amdocs was spying on the White House [10]. Cameron and Fox News were told, ‘Evidence linking these Israelis to 9/11 is classified, we cannot tell you about evidence that has been gathered’ [11].
An Israeli government run company called Zim Israel Navigational commands over 80 vessels, is the 9th largest shipping company in the world, and had 200 employees in the North tower. One week before 9/11, Zim moved out of its World Trade Center offices with over 200 workers, paying a $50,000 fine for breaking its lease. Its decision to move had been announced six months earlier. The reason given was, to save on rent.
IV. The Dancing Israelis
As the towers crumbled, five young Israelis, who turned out to be Mossad agents, were caught doing the ‘happy dance’ while videotaping the event. Police ascertained that their van contained $4,700 in cash, plus ‘box cutters’, and some photographs, showing their smiling faces in front of the smoldering wreckage, and one showing a hand flicking a lighter open in front of the Towers! The van tested positive for explosives. There were “maps of the city in the car with certain places highlighted … It looked like they’re hooked into this. It looked like they knew what was going to happen.” When the five returned to Israel, one of them brazenly explained on Israeli TV, “The fact of the matter is that we have been in a country that experiences terror daily. Our purpose was to document the event,” showing that they knew what was going to happen.

They set up their cameras on banks of the Hudson River, trained them onto the Twin Towers, and congratulated each other when the crashes occurred, according to The New York Times. A witness noted: ‘They seemed to be taking a movie. They were like, happy, you know … they didn’t look shocked to me. I thought it was strange.’ The company they worked for, ‘Urban Moving Systems’, had few discernible assets. It closed up shop immediately afterward as its owner fled to Israel. In the weeks and months following 9/11, numerous cells of other Mossad “moving” agents were arrested across the nation, and then in December 2001, Fox News reported that U.S. authorities had detained 60 such “movers.”[12]
The revealing, four-part investigative series was aired by Fox News in December, 2001, dealing with the arrests of several hundred Israeli nationals as well as some of the incriminating circumstances surrounding their activities in the United States. In response, every major media outlet in America received a visit from Abraham Foxman, the head of the Anti-Defamation League. A phrase he used was, “What are you doing putting this stuff out there? You’re killing us!” Executives at the highest levels of the various networks were inundated with phone calls, letters and emails. Members of the most powerful Jewish groups in the country – ADL, AIPAC with its 60,000 members, and the misnamed Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America CAMERA – visited the White House and petitioned officials at the highest levels to close down investigations of the Israeli spies.
V. Israeli Spy Ring
At least 120 Israeli intelligence operatives entered America and posed as art students, with door-to-door sales of artwork. “Many of the ring’s activities seemed to run parallel with the movements of several of the 9/11 hijackers. A group of about 140 Israeli spies were arrested and US government documents alluded to this ring as having ‘organised intelligence-gathering operations designed to penetrate government facilities.” The Fox News program revealed documents indicating that these art students had targeted and penetrated military bases, no mean achievement for art students [13]. Other reports speak of two hundred Israeli spies being uncovered, among them military members, electronics experts, wiretapping and phone tapping specialists, and explosives experts with the skill to bring down tall buildings.[14] They were arrested for trying to sneak into secured US Federal buildings and staking out 36 Department of Defense sites. Some of these suspicious “art students” showed up at the homes of Federal employees. An investigative report concluded that: ‘”A former Defense Department analyst, Hatchett believes groups may be gathering intelligence for possible future attacks. Some organization, thinking in terms of a potential retaliation against the U.S. government could be scouting out potential targets and looking for targets that would be vulnerable.” Another federal memo stated that, besides Houston and Dallas, the same thing has happened at sites in New York, Florida, and six other states, and, even more worrisome, at 36 sensitive Department of Defense sites. “One defense site you can explain,” says Hatchett, “well that was just a serendipitous, … Thirty-six? That’s a pattern.” [15]

Between December 12-15th, 2001, the FBI, the DEA and the INS informed Fox News that there were no connections between the “art students” and the incidents of 9/11, and that continuing to pursue this topic would be a form of “career suicide.” On December 16, 2001, Fox News pulled the information regarding the “art student spy ring” from its website. Jane’s Intelligence Digest commented, “It is rather strange that the US media seems to be ignoring what may well be the most explosive story since the 11 September attacks—the alleged breakup of a major Israeli espionage operation in the USA.” The Palm Beach Post alluded to a DEA report on the Israeli “art students,” saying it had determined that all of the students had “recently served in the Israeli military, the majority in intelligence, electronic signal intercept or explosive ordnance units.” [16]
The story of the largest spy ring ever discovered inside the United States was soon hushed up: “Evidence linking these Israelis to 9/11 is classified. I cannot tell you about evidence that has been gathered. It’s classified information,” explained a US official, on Cameron’s Fox News Report on the Israeli spy ring and its connections to 9/11. The Israeli national Michael Chertoff, who would become the first head of the Department of Homeland Security, was responsible for letting them off and making sure they got safely back to Israel.
The Florida flight school president Rudi Dekkers recalled of ‘Mohammed Atta’: “Well, when Atta was here and I saw his face on several occasions in the building, then I know that they’re regular students and then I try to talk to them, it’s kind of a PR – where are you from? I tried to communicate with him. I found out from my people that he lived in Hamburg and he spoke German so one of the days that I saw him, I speak German myself, I’m a Dutch citizen, and I started in the morning telling him in German, “Good morning. How are you? How do you like the coffee? Are you happy here?” and he looked at me with cold eyes, didn’t react at all and walked away. That was one of my first meetings I had.”’[17]
Atta’s German may not have been up to much, but he could speak Hebrew! The ‘Mohammed Atta’ of Florida loved eating pork chops, had various different passports and IDs, according to his lingerie-model and stripper girlfriend Amanda Keller, and could speak Hebrew. She challenged him when he claimed the latter, and then by demonstrating his skill in Hebrew, he convinced her! He loved partying, strip-clubs, fast cars, casinos and snorting cocaine (not quite the suicidal type, maybe?). The real Mohammed Atta, who lived in Hamburg as an architecture student, had his passport stolen in 1999 [18], which presumably enabled the identity-theft to take place. Austere, silent and devout, he avoided women and hated flying so much that his sister had to give him special medicine to enable him to do it! There could not be two more opposite characters. The Hamburg Atta was about three inches shorter. One presumes he was killed after September 11th after he spoke to his Father on the12th over the phone. The Florida Atta lived on the same street as one of the groups of the Israeli “art students.”[19] The Israeli-art group leader, Hanan Serfati, had rented several dwellings in the neighborhood, and he stayed next to the post office where the Huffman Aviation flight-students had their mailbox. Mohammed Atta’s “vital task” on the morning of 9/11 has been well described by Rowland Morgan, and it involved a journey to Portland, in order to have his baggage (complete with Koran, will, etc) delivered to Boston airport, in such a way that it would be retained by the airport, not be put onto a plane. [20] For this, there was no need for him to board one of ‘the’ planes.
VI. One Israeli Death
Nearly 500 foreign nationals from over 80 different nations were killed in the World Trade Center. The next day, September 12, the Jerusalem Post reported that the Israeli embassy in America was bombarded on 9/11 with calls from 4,000 worried Israeli families. On September13th, “Four Israelis were almost certainly in the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center when they collapsed, the Israeli consul in New York said this evening.” This number dwindled. The Towers specialized in international banking so one might have expected a few more Israeli citizens. One or possibly three Israelis died on 9/11, one in the towers and two on the planes. There is very little on the web. A week later, President Bush stated that 130 had died, but 129 of these were found to be still alive. The NY times 22 Sept found that 3 Israelis were confirmed dead, two from planes and one from the Towers [21,22]. Of this total the British historian David Irving wrote: “We are happy to report that the 4,000 figure dwindled eventually to three (not three thousand, but three), then two, then one: the unfortunate Daniel Lewin.”
Two Mossad agents were present, on Flight UA 175 and Flight AA 11 respectively: the first flight had Danny Lewin, a 28-year old graduate of Israel’s elite commando unit, the “World’s most elite anti- hijacking team”.
He was a captain in this unit, and the story soon developed that he had been shot by Satam Al Suqami, as the four Arabs attempted to storm the cockpit. (Satam was the one whose passport supposedly fluttered down to Ground Zero where the FBI found it). Sayeret Matkal is Israel’s elite team that handles aircraft hijackings and assassinations, specializing in aircraft takeovers. During the 1970s and 1980s, this secretive Israeli anti-terrorist unit (akin to the Delta Force) thwarted many attempted hijacking. Members of this unit are trained in looking and thinking like an Arab. Flight UA 175 (Boston to LA, allegedly hijacked to fly into the south tower) had the Israeli citizen and probable Mossad agent named Alora Avraham. This 27 year old was raised in the Israeli settlement of Ashdod. One surmises that Lewin may not have died, but had some key role in … whatever happened.
On the morning of 9/11, a two-hour advance warning to stay out of the towers was received by the Israeli firm of Odigo, [23] whose Research and Development center is in Herzliya, Israel, a town north of Tel Aviv where Mossad is headquartered. This messaging company, with its office a mere two blocks from the former WTC, received a warning originating from an Israeli branch. One never heard details, but Odigo’s vice president Alex Diamandis said, “The messages said something big was going to happen in a certain amount of time, and it did – almost to the minute.” Odigo has a feature called “People Finder” which allows a user to send an instant message to a large group based on a common characteristic, such as Israeli nationality, while maintaining user privacy. This is surely the explanation, as to why no Israeli nationals working in the Towers died that morning (there was one who died, but he was just visiting). “Comverse and Odigo have had a long-standing partnership and together have developed instant communications products and services that we have recently begun to offer to operators around the world,” declared Zeev Bregman, CEO of Comverse [24].
VII. Zionist Neo-Cons and Straussian Jews
Irving Kristol, ‘godfather’ of the Neo-con movement, founded PNAC, the Project for a new American Century. His son William Kristol, worked closely with Richard Perle, and this Jewish duo achieved more than anyone else in erasing the concept of détente – which had traditionally been the policy of the Council of Foreign Relations – and extinguishing hope of any ‘peace dividend’ following the Soviet Union’s collapse. In September 2000 PNAC produced ‘Rebuilding America’s Defences’ which famously called for a permanent war philosophy, Empire, the advancing of the cause of Israel, and the catalyzing event of a new Pearl Harbor’ to make it all possible. The Kristols used their enormous influence prior to 9/11 to promote the concept of Arabs as potential terrorists, then after the event they ensured that the media focused and stayed focussed on Bin Laden and Muslim guilt. The day before the Iraq war began, Kristol bragged in an editorial of his journal The Weekly Standard, that, “obviously we are gratified that the Iraq strategy we have long advocated … has become the policy of the US government’ and a columnist of The Washington Post had once declared the looming conflict to be ‘Kristol’s war.’”[25]
The civilian Defense Policy Board wields more control over the military establishment than the Defense Secretary or the generals and admirals. The notoriously belligerent Perle, nicknamed the “The Prince of Darkness”, was Chairman of this Board. There are a number of other Zionists who served on the board (Kissinger, Cohen, Schlessinger) as well as non-Jewish members who have always supported Israel and the expansion of the “War on Terror”.
Apart from top Jewish Neo-cons Henry Kissinger and Richard Perle as Chairman of the Defense Policy Board, Zionist Paul Wolfowitz as Undersecretary of Defense, and Zionist award winner Douglass Feith as Undersecretary of Defense Policy, the Zionist Pentagon gang controlled 3 of the top 4 civilian leadership positions of America’s armed forces. Others such as Condoleeza Rice and Donald Rumsfeld were fairly in accord with their drive for WW III. The Perle-Wolfowitz-Feith gang represent a fanatical “government-within-a-government”. And, of course, in league with these Zionist Pentagon conspirators, Jewish Zionist and 2004 Presidential candidate, Senator Joseph Lieberman and his Gentile partner in crime Senator John McCain, would vie for the nation’s highest offices.
Top members of the Bush administration had very close ties with the Israeli government. Every one of the following kingpins of the Bush administration were also Israeli citizens: Paul Wolfowitz, Richard Perle, Douglas Feith (undersec of Defense), Michael Chertoff, George Tenet (real name: Cohen), Elliot Abrams (NSC), Donald Kagan, Richard Haas, Kenneth Adelman, Edward Luttwak (National security Study Group), Robert Satloff, David Frum, David Wurmser, Steve Goldsmith, and Marc Grossman. Ari Freisher, Press Secretary. Concluded Ruppert, ‘These and other Israeli-connected experts formed the core group at the Project for a New American Century [26]. These are Zionist warmongers who adore and obey Israel and who view America chiefly as Israel’s financial sugar-daddy and mercenary slave. Their aim is global power for the Jews and profits for Jewish bankers and Illuminati-directed oil barons.”
Former Israeli Prime-Minister Ehud Barak well expressed the aim of the enterprise when he said in an interview just days after 9/11: “The whole world has now to start a world war against the enemies of Israel.”[27] But, World War III was not that easy to start! Soon after, Israel’s Prime Minister Ariel ‘the Butcher’ Sharon bellowed at his Cabinet, “I want to tell you something very clear: Don’t worry about American pressure on Israel. We, the Jewish people, control America, and the Americans know it.”[28]
On any reasonable analysis, Dick Cheney, Vice-President of America, has to have been a pivotal 9/11 perpetrator. As Mike Ruppert concluded:
“I have absolutely no doubt that on the day of September 11th Richard Cheney was in full and complete control of a properly functioning and parallel command and communications system …”[29].
Cheney sat on the board of JINSA the Jewish Institute for National Security, “probably the most important organization, in terms of its influence on Bush administration policy formation.”[30] Cheney would take leave from JINSA while serving as VP, where his office was “run by aides known to be very pro-Israel.” [31]
The Pentagon set up the Office of Strategic Influence (OSI) for fabricating news [32]. A Zionist Air Force General named Simon P. Worden was chosen to head this, his boss being Douglass Feith, another dedicated Zionist who serves as Undersecretary of Defense for Policy. The Zionist Organization of America (ZOA) honored Feith and his father at an award dinner in 1999. ZOA’s 1997 press release explained: “This year’s honorees will be Dalck Feith and Douglas J. Feith, the noted Jewish philanthropists and pro-Israel activists. Dalck Feith will receive the ZOA’s special Centennial Award at the dinner, for his lifetime of service to Israel and the Jewish people. His son Douglas J. Feith, the former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense, will receive the prestigious Louis D. Brandeis Award at the dinner.” [33]
As the Mayor of New York, Rudolf Giuliani was told in advance to get out of the WTC towers because they were going to fall, on that morning, which shows very privileged treatment. After the event he declared Ground Zero area a ‘crime scene’ and was thus able to prohibit any photos from being taken, but then by swiftly removing all of the steel and having it melted down he demolished the primary evidence for the crime. He had a hard struggle with the firemen, most of whom knew that the towers had been taken down. Since retiring as mayor he has been involved with security companies, and his turning up in London on the morning of July 7th 2005, staying in a hotel right next to the Liverpool Street terror-blast (so he ‘heard’ the blast), is hardly accidental. He a friend of Benjanmin Netenyahu, whom he welcomed while Mayor of New York, and they both turned up in the same hotel on the same morning [34]. Rudolf Giuliani, of course, was Israel’s favorite for the 2008 US presidential election: AIPAC lists and scores all the candidates by their degree of adoration for Israel, and Giuliani was tops – his support for Israel is total and unconditional. Thus, he returned a $10m donation from a Saudi prince, due to the latter making some comment about Israel and 9/11.
In weeks before 9/11, between August 26 and September 11, 2001, a group of speculators, identified by the American Securities and Exchange Commission as Israeli citizens, sold “short” a list of 38 stocks that could reasonably be expected to fall in value as a result of the pending attacks. These speculators operated out of the Toronto, Canada and Frankfurt, Germany, stock exchanges and their profits were specifically stated to be “in the millions of dollars.” [35] Short selling of stocks involves the opportunity to gain large profits by passing shares to a friendly third party, then buying them back when the price falls. Precedings a traumatic event, it indicates foreknowledge.
The Enemy Within
At 10.30 am on the day of September 11th, the White House received a call, saying “Angel is Next.” Angel was that day’s codeword for Air Force One, then carrying President Bush. The credibility of the message was further established by use of Presidential identification codes [36]. Cheney advised Bush not to return to Washington: “There’s still the threat,” he said [37]. At this point, argues Tarpley, “the sponsors showed their hand. They were not located in a cave in Afghanistan, but were rather a network located high within the US government and military.” [38] The rogue network was then demanding, that a Straussian “war of civilisations” be unleashed: “The principal clue leading us to the existence of the rogue network is the ‘Angel is next’ threat,” which meant it was perpetrated by persons having expertise in, and access, to top military codes. Who could that be? On the September 12th press briefing, Ari Fleisher confirmed that a coded message had been used in threatening Air Force One carrying the President. No fighter planes to escort Air Force One arrived until noon – it took off from Florida at 9.30 am with no protection, flying alone through the skies over those terrible hours! The purpose here could have been to instill fear into the President.
Sometime after that “Angel is Next” threat, President Bush phoned up Ted Olsen, the US’s Solicitor-General, and a few days later Olsen recalled, “We couldn’t speak long. This was during the day of the crisis. And I didn’t – I hadn’t expected him to call, because he is the President of the United States. We know now – he knew then there were thousands of victims and terrible devastation and crisis, and the potential of further dangers to the structure of our government, meaning the institutions of our government and the leadership of our government.” [39] Let’s conjecture that Ted Olsen may have been telling the truth in some degree. People like Olsen and Bush are totally complicit and so are not at liberty to spill the beans later on. But still, they experienced some external manipulating power, which was a threat, or which was intimidating.
The most secret US-government codes were being used by the perpetrators [40], and we are suggesting that it would have been Israeli-based agencies that could do this, using the advanced Promis software [41]. Air Force One flew on that morning from Florida to the Strategic Command centre at Offnut, as Bush’s physical presence there was the only way to counteract the evident betrayal of the secret presidential codes.
That morning, while this threat was being made against the President, the name of Osama Bin Laden was already being broadcast across the airwaves, as the official suspect. All around Planet Earth his name was being linked forever to the Burning Towers. In vain – and unheard – were his protestations that he had had nothing to do with it. The press should have been able to eliminate any conjectures about a mastermind in the Tora Bora mountains without further ado. Let’s listen now to his rather sensible view of who really perpetrated the event, reported on September 28th, as reported in Ummaut, the Urdu-language, Karachi-based Pakistani daily:
‘The United States should try to trace the perpetrators of these attacks within itself; the people who are a part of the U.S. system, but are dissenting against it…persons who want to make the present century as a century of conflict between Islam and Christianity … There are intelligence agencies in the U.S., which require billions of dollars worth of funds from the Congress and the government every year. This [funding issue] was not a big problem during the existence of the former Soviet Union but after that the budget of these agencies has been in danger. They needed an enemy. So, they first started propaganda against Usama and Taleban and then this incident happened. You see, the Bush Administration approved a budget of 40 billion dollars. Where will this huge amount go? It will be provided to the same agencies, which need huge funds and want to exert their importance.
Now they will spend the money for their expansion and for increasing their importance. I will give you an example. Drug smugglers from all over the world are in contact with the U.S. secret agencies. These agencies do not want to eradicate narcotics cultivation and trafficking because their importance will be diminished. The people in the U.S. Drug Enforcement Department are encouraging drug trade so that they could show performance and get millions of dollars worth of budget. General Noriega was made a drug baron by the CIA and, in need, he was made a scapegoat. In the same way, whether it is President Bush or any other U.S. President, they cannot bring Israel to justice for its human rights abuses or to hold it accountable for such crimes. What is this? Is it not that there exists a government within the government in the United Sates? That secret government must be asked as to who carried out the attacks.
‘I have already said that we are not hostile to the United States. We are against the [U.S. Government] system, which makes other nations slaves of the United States, or forces them to mortgage their political and economic freedom. This system is totally in control of the American-Jews, whose first priority is Israel, not the United States. It is clear that the American people are themselves the slaves of the Jews and are forced to live according to the principles and laws laid by them…
‘The Western media is unleashing such a baseless propaganda, which surprises us but it reflects on what is in their hearts, and gradually they themselves become captive of this propaganda. They become afraid of it and begin to cause harm to themselves. Terror is the most dreaded weapon in modern age and the Western media is mercilessly using it against its own people.’
The western media have indeed become captive of their own fear-inducing propaganda, as the BBC “Power of Nightmares” series so well documented. How can we break out of this spiral of fear and terror? How can America become aware of its degree of subservience to Israel? There is no more career-terminating topic for US journalists. One could try asking the question, “Is there any criminal act that Israel can do without being protected from criticism from the United States?” [42] One could discuss the brazen Israeli attack on the USS Liberty in 1967, with planes and torpedo boats, an attempt to start a US war against Egypt, with LBJ’s connivance – classic false-flag terror. No official protest has been made, nor have reparations been paid. No other nation can attack an American vessel in international waters, killing 34 US Naval servicemen, with impunity [43].
As Admiral Thomas Moorer, Chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff under Ronald Reagan, stated: “I’ve never seen a President — I don’t care who he is — stand up to them [the Israelis]. It just boggles the mind. They always get what they want. The Israelis know what is going on all the time. If the American people understood what a grip those people have got on our government, they would rise up in arms. Our citizens certainly don’t have any idea what goes on.” [44]
When looking at the ‘likely suspects’ CIA, NSA, FBI, etc, one doubts whether any of them would have had the necessary combination of profound intelligence, deep wickedness, capacity for effective action, plus the ability to keep a big secret. One is here reminded of the remark by Richard Clarke in Against All Enemies that it would be ‘pure fantasy’ to suppose ‘that the US government can keep a big and juicy secret’ [45] on such an issue. If it is unthinkable to ordinary Americans that a secret military clique would betray their country in this way, it is doubly unthinkable that a foreign power would be able so to corrupt its centers of power as to mastermind this event: it is this double unthinkability which is the safety-catch, which locks the secret in place, for long enough to get rid of all the evidence. The Neo-Con love affair with Israel has allowed them to do this. Maybe some things did go wrong, maybe Flight 93 was meant to strike WTC-7, had it not been delayed half an hour, we’ll never know. The ‘Axis of Evil’ CIA-Mossad-M16 is so interconnected that we can hardly know which part of it is responsible, when something happens. It is dedicated to Eternal War and works though Untruth.
On September 10, 2001, the day before 9/11, The Washington Post would run a story about a report issued by the U.S. Army School for Advanced Military Studies, which had commented thus about Mossad: ‘”Wildcard. Ruthless and cunning. Has capability to target U.S. forces and make it look like a Palestinian/Arab act.” After the event the intelligence analyst George Freeman observed: ‘The big winner today, intended or not, is the state of Israel. There is no question that the Israeli leadership is feeling relief.’ [46] The name ‘Mossad’ does not feature in the index of David Ray Griffin’s classic, The New Pearl Harbour, however we may need to understand the Mossad’s way with its katsas and sayanim. It has a mere 30 to 37 case officers called katsas operating at any given time. It is able to function with this low level of core katsas because of a much larger network of volunteer Jewish helpers, the Sayanim, who live outside Israel. Their roles are specific to their professions and they are contacted and activated as required. This system allows the Mossad to work with a skeleton staff. [47] The Mossad has always followed its motto: “By way of deception shall you make war.”
In January 2001, Lyndon Larouche, a well known economist and political figure with worldwide intelligence connections, issued the following insightful prediction:
“A new Middle East war of the general type and implications indicated, will occur if certain specified incidents materialize. It will occur only if the combination of the Israeli government and certain Anglo-American circles wish to have it occur. If they should wish it to occur, the incidents to ‘explain’ that occurrence, will be arranged.” [48]
Nicholas Kollerstrom, Ph.D., historian of science, including articles on Sir Isaac Newton, Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society, is a founding member of the UK’s 9/11 Truth movement, member of the New York Academy of Sciences, and author of 7/7: TERROR ON THE TUBE (3rd edition, 2012)
References:
1. Lucky Larry – Spiegel online, Hamburg, Sep 19, 2001
2. Mike Ruppert, Crossing the Rubicon, 2004, p.585, quoting SPC’s website.
3. Ruppert, p.587.
4. They removed it from here: http://64.233.187.104/search?q=cache:Y_mUdEMLTYUJ:www.thetruthseeker.c o.uk/articl…
5. Thanks to webmaster Stuart Rixon for info.
6. For Zakheim and Flight 77, see www.newsfollowup.com/flight77_32.htm
7. 19th April 2006, American Free Press.
8. Laura Knight Jadczyk and Joe Quinn, 9/11The ultimate Truth 2006, p.108
9. For July 7th connections, see: www.nineeleven.co.uk/board/viewtopic.php?t=5003
10. Webster Tarpley, 9/11 SyntheticTerror Made in the USA, 2006, 329.
11. Tarpley, 327.
12. There seem to have been several groups of these Israelis in vans taking photos, at different parts of NewYork.
13. Cameron, Suspected Israeli Spied held by US, Fox News, Dec 11-14, 2001; Tarpley, 328.
14. FOX News. Massive Israeli Spy Operation Discovered in US. Carl Cameron Investigates. Four Part series. December 2001. Google: Israeli spy carl cameron
15. KHOU, Channel 11 (Houston) Federal Buildings Could be in Jeopardy – in Houston and Nationally October 10, 201. Google users enter: israeli art students federal buildings.
16. Jane’s Intelligence Digest, 3/13/02; Palm Beach Post, 3/11/02.
17. ABC Channel 4. (Florida). A Mission To Die For. Rudi Dekkers interviewed by Quentin McDermott. October 21, 2001 Google users enter: rudi dekkers interview.
18. Wikipedia.com. The Free Encyclopedia. Mohammed Atta. Google: atta reported passport stolen
19. A group of Jewish ‘art student’ double-agents lived at 4220 Sheraden Street, Hollywood, Florida, just down the road from where Atta lived at no. 3389: ‘the Israeli network was a nationwide operation based in Florida …[they] lived on the same street in Hollywood, Florida as Mohammed Atta’: Len Bracken, The Shadow government, 9/11 and State Terror, 2004 Ill, p.124.
20. Rowland Morgan, Flight 93 Revealed 2006, p.90.
21. The only site is http://www.publiceye.org/frontpage/911/Missing_Jews.htm – and, note how its foreword dissociates itself from any views expressed.
22. CNN. September 11. A Memorial. Google users enter: cnn september 11 memorial
23. Newsbytes/Washington Post. Instant message to Israel warned of WTC attack. September 27, 2001. By Brian McWiliams Google users enter: instant messages Israel warned attack
24. The Jerusalem Post in May 2002, .
25. Michael Collins Piper, The High Priests of War, 2005 Washington DC, p39.
26. Ruppert 254.
27. Le Monde, Sep. 13, 2001.
28. Hebrew Israeli radio station, Kol Yisrael, Oct. 3rd report, during an argument in an Israeli cabinet meeting.
29. Ruppert, 591, also 411.
30. Piper, p.13.
31. Piper, ibid.
32. The New York Times. Pentagon Considers Using Lies. By James Dao & Eric Schmitt. February 18,2001. Google: new york times simon worden osi.
33. Google usues enter: feith zionist organization award
34. wagnews, google: Netanyahu/Giuliani -Same London Hotel on 7/7
35. ‘ISRAELIS were 9/11 short sale stock buyers, betting on WTC terror strikes.’
36. According to the NewYork Times: Thierry Meyssan The Big Lie 2002 p.44.
37. Bob Woodward, Bush at War, 2003, p.18. This book evades the simple implication of this fact, only making the bland statement, ‘it could mean that terrorists had inside information.’
38. Tarpley, p.286.
39. Olsen interviewed by Larry King, three days after 9/11: Janczyk p131.
40. Thierry Meyssan 9/11 The Big Lie, 2002 (L’Effroyable Imposture), 44.
41. Ruppert Ch 10, re the PROMIS software.
42. Recently-retired U.S. Brigadier General James J. David, in an article entitled “A Passionate Attachment to Israel”
43. On 8 June, during the 6-day War, off the Sinai coast: Peter Hounam, Operation Cyanide, 2003.
44. Google: admiral moorer boggles mind. Paul Findley, They Dare to speak Out, People and Institutions confront Israel’s lobby, 2003.
45. Richard Clarke, Against All Enemies, NY 2004, p.126.
46. His internet website www.stratfor.com: Jadczyk, 110.
47. Jadzcyk, p.118.
48. Executive Intelligence Review. Lyndon Larouche. January 2001. Google: larouche middle east war implications
Source
They LiveAugust 19, 2012
Introduction – August 18, 2012
Somewhat dated and clichéd, ‘They Live’ is nonetheless something of a cinematic gem. Although some will no doubt accuse it of being ‘anti-Semitic’, ‘They Live’ may well be a work of modern day prophecy. Sure it may seem a little dated but look beyond the obvious and you’ll find that John Carpenter’s movie echoes many modern-day concerns.
Vigilant Citizen offers his insightful analysis on the movie here. However, for those with an hour or so too spare, the link here offers access to view what we consider a modern day classic.
Or watch the it below. For those with the eyes to see, prophecy is unfolding,



The Forgotten Slaves: Whites in Servitude in Early America and Industrial BritainMarch 11, 2012
 “When I was a boy, ‘recalled Waters McIntosh, who had been a slave in Sumter, South Carolina, ‘we used to sing, ‘Rather be a nigger than a poor White Man,’ Even in slavery we used to sing that.’ Mr. McIntosh’s remarks reveal…that the poor whites of the South ranked below blacks in social standing…slaves felt unbridled contempt for lower‑class whites…Frederick Douglas opened his famous Life and Times with an account of Talbot County, Maryland, which he said housed a ‘White population of the lowest order… 

 
Click to enlarge
Throughout the South the slaves of many of the larger planters lived in a society of blacks and well‑to‑do Whites and were encouraged to view even respectable laboring Whites with disdain…Ella Kelly, who had been a slave in South Carolina…You know, boss, dese days dere is three kind of people. Lowest down Is a Layer of White Folks, then in de middle is a layer of colored folks, and on top is de cream, a layer of good White folks…
 
The Forgotten Slaves: Whites in Servitude in Early America and Industrial Britain
by Michael A. Hoffman II ©Copyright 1999. All Rights Reserved
Two years ago, Prime Minister Paul Keating of Australia refused to show “proper respect” to Britain’s Queen Elizabeth II during her state visit. In response, Terry Dicks, a Conservative member of the British Parliament said, “It’s a country of ex-convicts, so we should not be surprised by the rudeness of their prime minister.”
A slur such as this would be considered unthinkable if it were uttered against any other class or race of people except the descendants of White slavery. Dicks’ remark is not only offensive, it is ignorant and false. Most of Australia’s “convicts” were shipped into servitude for such “crimes” as stealing seven yards of lace, cutting trees on an aristocrat’s estate or poaching sheep to feed a starving family.
The arrogant disregard for the holocaust visited upon the poor and working class Whites of Britain by the aristocracy continues in our time because the history of that epoch has been almost completely extirpated from our collective memory.

When White servitude is acknowledged as having existed in America, it is almost always termed as temporary “indentured servitude” or part of the convict trade, which, after the Revolution of 1776, centered on Australia instead of America. The “convicts” transported to America under the 1723 Waltham Act, perhaps numbered 100,000.
The indentured servants who served a tidy little period of 4 to 7 years polishing the master’s silver and china and then taking their place in colonial high society, were a minuscule fraction of the great unsung hundreds of thousands of White slaves who were worked to death in this country from the early l7th century onward.
Up to one-half of all the arrivals in the American colonies were Whites slaves and they were America’s first slaves. These Whites were slaves for life, long before Blacks ever were. This slavery was even hereditary. White children born to White slaves were enslaved too.
Whites were auctioned on the block with children sold and separated from their parents and wives sold and separated from their husbands. Free Black property owners strutted the streets of northern and southern American cities while White slaves were worked to death in the sugar mills of Barbados and Jamaica and the plantations of Virginia.
The Establishment has created the misnomer of “indentured servitude” to explain away and minimize the fact of White slavery. But bound Whites in early America called themselves slaves. Nine-tenths of the White slavery in America was conducted without indentures of any kind but according to the so-called “custom of the country,” as it was known, which was lifetime slavery administered by the White slave merchants themselves.
In George Sandys laws for Virginia, Whites were enslaved “forever.” The service of Whites bound to Berkeley’s Hundred was deemed “perpetual.” These accounts have been policed out of the much touted “standard reference works” such as Abbott Emerson Smith’s laughable whitewash, Colonists in Bondage.
I challenge any researcher to study 17th century colonial America, sifting the documents, the jargon and the statutes on both sides of the Atlantic and one will discover that White slavery was a far more extensive operation than Black enslavement. It is when we come to the 18th century that one begins to encounter more “servitude” on the basis of a contract of indenture. But even in that period there was kidnapping of Anglo-Saxons into slavery as well as convict slavery.
In 1855, Frederic Law Olmsted, the landscape architect who designed New York’s Central Park, was in Alabama on a pleasure trip and saw bales of cotton being thrown from a considerable height into a cargo ship’s hold. The men tossing the bales somewhat recklessly into the hold were Negroes, the men in the hold were Irish.
Olmsted inquired about this to a shipworker. “Oh,” said the worker, “the niggers are worth too much to be risked here; if the Paddies are knocked overboard or get their backs broke, nobody loses anything.”
Before British slavers traveled to Africa’s western coast to buy Black slaves from African chieftains, they sold their own White working class kindred (“the surplus poor” as they were known) from the streets and towns of England, into slavery. Tens of thousands of these White slaves were kidnapped children. In fact the very origin of the word kidnapped is kid-nabbed, the stealing of White children for enslavement.
According to the English Dictionary of the Underworld, under the heading kidnapper is the following definition: “A stealer of human beings, esp. of children; originally for exportation to the plantations of North America.”
The center of the trade in child-slaves was in the port cities of Britain and Scotland:
“Press gangs in the hire of local merchants roamed the streets, seizing ‘by force such boys as seemed proper subjects for the slave trade.’ Children were driven in flocks through the town and confined for shipment in barns…So flagrant was the practice that people in the countryside about Aberdeen avoided bringing children into the city for fear they might be stolen; and so widespread was the collusion of merchants, shippers, suppliers and even magistrates that the man who exposed it was forced to recant and run out of town.” (Van der Zee, Bound Over, p. 210).

White slaves transported to the colonies suffered a staggering loss of life in the 17th and 18th century. During the voyage to America it was customary to keep the White slaves below deck for the entire nine to twelve week journey. A White slave would be confined to a hole not more than sixteen feet long, chained with 50 other men to a board, with padlocked collars around their necks. The weeks of confinement below deck in the ship’s stifling hold often resulted in outbreaks of contagious disease which would sweep through the “cargo” of White “freight” chained in the bowels of the ship.
Ships carrying White slaves to America often lost half their slaves to death. According to historian Sharon V. Salinger, “Scattered data reveal that the mortality for [White] servants at certain times equaled that for [Black] slaves in the ‘middle passage,’ and during other periods actually exceeded the death rate for [Black] slaves.” Salinger reports a death rate of ten to twenty percent over the entire 18th century for Black slaves on board ships enroute to America compared with a death rate of 25% for White slaves enroute to America.
Foster R. Dulles writing in Labor in America: A History, states that whether convicts, children ‘spirited’ from the countryside or political prisoners, White slaves “experienced discomforts and sufferings on their voyage across the Atlantic that paralleled the cruel hardships undergone by negro slaves on the notorious Middle Passage.”
Dulles says the Whites were “indiscriminately herded aboard the ‘white guineamen,’ often as many as 300 passengers on little vessels of not more than 200 tons burden–overcrowded, unsanitary…The mortality rate was sometimes as high as 50% and young children seldom survived the horrors of a voyage which might last anywhere from seven to twelve weeks.”
Independent investigator A.B. Ellis in the Argosy writes concerning the transport of White slaves, “The human cargo, many of whom were still tormented by unhealed wounds, could not all lie down at once without lying on each other. They were never suffered to go on deck. The hatchway was constantly watched by sentinels armed with hangers and blunder busses. In the dungeons below all was darkness, stench, lamentation, disease and death.”
Marcus Jernegan describes the greed of the shipmasters which led to horrendous loss of life for White slaves transported to America:
“The voyage over often repeated the horrors of the famous ‘middle passage’ of slavery fame. An average cargo was three hundred, but the shipmaster, for greater profit, would sometimes crowd as many as six hundred into a small vessel…The mortality under such circumstances was tremendous, sometimes more than half…Mittelberger (an eyewitness) says he saw thirty-two children thrown into the ocean during one voyage.”
“The mercantile firms, as importers of (White) servants, were not too careful about their treatment, as the more important purpose of the transaction was to get ships over to South Carolina which could carry local produce back to Europe. Consequently the Irish–as well as others–suffered greatly…

“It was almost as if the British merchants had redirected their vessels from the African coast to the Irish coast, with the white servants coming over in much the same fashion as the African slaves.” (Warren B. Smith, White Servitude in Colonial South Carolina).
A study of the middle passage of White slaves was included in a Parliamentary Petition of 1659. It reported that White slaves were locked below deck for two weeks while the slaveship was still in port. Once under way, they were “all the way locked up under decks…amongst horses.” They were chained from their legs to their necks.
Those academics who insist that slavery is an exclusively Black racial condition forget or deliberately omit the fact that the word slave originally was a reference to Whites of East European origin – “Slavs.”
Moreover, in the 18th century in Britain and America, the Industrial Revolution spawned the factory system whose first laborers were miserably oppressed White children as young as six years of age. They were locked in the factories for sixteen hours a day and mangled by the primitive machinery. Hands and arms were regularly ripped to pieces. Little girls often had their hair caught in the machinery and were scalped from their foreheads to the back of their necks.
White Children wounded and crippled in the factories were turned out without compensation of any kind and left to die of their injuries. Children late to work or who fell asleep were beaten with iron bars. Lest we imagine these horrors were limited to only the early years of the Industrial Revolution, eight and ten year old White children throughout America were hard at work in miserable factories and mines as late as 1920.
Because of the rank prostitution, stupidity and cowardice of America’s teachers and educational system, White youth are taught that Black slaves, Mexican peons and Chinese coolies built this country while the vast majority of the Whites lorded it over them with a lash in one hand and a mint julep in the other.
The documentary record tells a very different story, however. When White Congressman David Wilmot authored the Wilmot Proviso to keep Black slaves out of the American West he did so, he said, to preserve that vast expanse of territory for “the sons of toil, my own race and color.”
This is precisely what most White people in America were, “sons of toil,” performing backbreaking labor such as few of us today can envision. They had no paternalistic welfare system; no Freedman’s Bureau to coo sweet platitudes to them; no army of bleeding hearts to worry over their hardships. These Whites were the expendable frontline soldiers in the expansion of the American frontier. They won the country, felled the trees, cleared and planted the land.
The wealthy, educated White elite in America are the sick heirs of what Charles Dickens in Bleak House termed “telescopic philanthropy”–the concern for the condition of distant peoples while the plight of kindred in one’s own backyard are ignored.
Today much of what we see on “Turner Television” and Pat Robertson’s misnamed “Family Channel,” are TV films depicting Blacks in chains, Blacks being whipped, Blacks oppressed. Nowhere can we find a cinematic chronicle of the Whites who were beaten and killed in White slavery. Four-fifths of the White slaves sent to Britain’s sugar colonies in the West Indies did not survive their first year.
Soldiers in the American Revolution and sailors impressed into the American navy received upwards of two hundred whiplashes for minor infractions. But no TV show lifts the shirt of these White yeoman to reveal the scars on their backs.
The Establishment would rather weep over the poor persecuted Negroes, but leave the White working class “rednecks” and “crackers” (both of these terms of derision were first applied to White slaves), to live next door to the Blacks.
Little has changed since the early 1800s when the men of property and station of the English Parliament outlawed Black slavery throughout the Empire. While this Parliament was in session to enact this law, ragged five year old White orphan boys, beaten, starved and whipped, were being forced up the chimneys of the English parliament, to clean them. Sometimes the chimney masonry collapsed on these boys. Other times they suffocated to death inside their narrow smoke channels.
Long after Blacks were free throughout the British Empire, the British House of Lords refused to abolish chimney-sweeping by White children under the age of ten. The Lords contended that to do so would interfere with “property rights.” The lives of the White children were not worth a farthing and were considered no subject for humanitarian concern.
The chronicle of White slavery in America comprises the dustiest shelf in the darkest corner of suppressed American history. Should the truth about that epoch ever emerge into the public consciousness of Americans, the whole basis for the swindle of “Affirmative action,” “minority set-asides” and proposed “Reparations to African-Americans” will be swept away. The fact is, the White working people of this country owe no one. They are themselves the descendants, as Congressman Wilmot so aptly said, of “the sons of toil.”
There will only be racial peace when knowledge of radical historical truths are widespread and both sides negotiate from positions of strength and not from fantasies of White working class guilt and the uniqueness of Black suffering.
Let it be said, in many cases Blacks in slavery had it better than poor Whites in the antebellum South. This is why there was such strong resistance to the Confederacy in the poverty-stricken areas of the mountain south, such as Winston County in Alabama and the Beech mountains of North Carolina. Those poor Whites could not imagine why any White laborer would want to die for the slave-owning plutocracy that more often than not, gave better care and attention to their Black servants than they did to the free white labor they scorned as “trash.”
To this day, the White ruling class denigrates the White poor and patronizes Blacks.
If this seems admirable from the pathological viewpoint of Marxism or cosmopolitan liberalism, the Black and Third World “beneficiaries” of White ruling class “esteem” ought to consider what sort of “friends” they actually have.
The Bible declares that the man who does not take care of his own family is “worse than an infidel.” This also applies to one’s racial kindred. The man who neglects his own children to care for yours has true love for neither.
White, self-hating liberals and greed-head conservatives who claim to care for the “civil rights” of Black and Third World people, discard the working class of their own people on the garbage heap of history. When they are finished with their own they shall surely turn on others.
Those who care for their own kind first are not practicing “hate” but kindness, which is the very root of the word.

Michael A. Hoffman II is the author of “They Were White and They Were Slaves: The Untold History of the Enslavement of Whites in Early America and Industrial Britain”.
Source
Armageddon ApproachesFebruary 22, 2012
Dr Lasha Darkmoon – Occidental Observer February 21, 2012
“An Israeli attack on Iran would create a disaster.” — Zbigniew Brzezinski
“The entire lake will become a killing field…the Gulf will run red with American blood.” — Military specialist Mark Gaffney.
Bombing Iran could be the final nail in the coffin of America—a decaying and morally bankrupt superpower where torture has been normalized and where the President is now free to kill anyone he chooses, anywhere in the world, who he happens to suspect is a terrorist.
Right now, Iran appears to be the object of universal detestation, at least among those who control the mainstream media and who are anxious to persuade the easily duped masses that Iran is a major threat to civilization.
Iran is perfectly capable of shutting down the Strait of Hormuz if it wishes, doing immense damage to the US navy in the process. It possesses a vast array of anti-ship weapons called Sunburn missiles, which it has procured from Russia and China over the last decade. These are state-of-the-art weapons developed by the Russians as a low-cost challenge to the expensive, tech-heavy weaponry of the US. Specifically, they are designed to sink ships, including America’s titanic aircraft carriers.
The imminent conflict, which now belongs in the high probability spectrum, is a conflict into which Russia and China cannot fail to be drawn. Their interests are inextricably linked with those of Iran. You could say that Iran is their semi-independent protectorate and ally.
If Iran were attacked and if Russia and China stood by and did nothing, they would lose face forever. They would be signaling to the world that they are weaklings, only too ready to cower at the feet of the American superbully. Indeed, they would then be next on America’s hit list.
Russia has a new 100-ton monster of a ballistic missile in the pipeline. It is aptly named Satan. And it will be used to devastating effect against America if America gets too big for its boots and gets overly aggressive.
Chinese Major General Zhang Zhaozhong recently stated that if America or Israel attacked Iran, “China will not hesitate to protect Iran—even with a third world war.”
*          *          *
A few points need to be clarified.
The US Navy is an efficient and professional organization, at the cutting edge of modern warfare, but the Strait of Hormuz is not the kind of environment in which the American navy would be invulnerable.
The Iranians can be expected to have a field day in the narrow confines of the Persian Gulf, virtually drawing American ships into a series of ambushes.
If one samples the technical literature on various military websites, one finds there is a lively debate going on about American ship defense systems. Nobody claims that any such system offers full protection against ship missile strikes. Right now, most ships remain vulnerable to such strikes, including America’s leviathan aircraft carriers.
These impressive Nimitz-class aircraft carriers each come with a full complement of 7–8 supporting ships, 70 or more assorted aircraft, and up to 6000 marines on board. In a 2004 article, military specialist Mark Gaffney, author of Dimona: The Third Temple? (1989), opines: “The US Navy’s largest ships, the massive carriers, have now become floating death traps….In the Gulf’s shallow and confined waters evasive maneuvers will be difficult, at best, and escape impossible….The Gulf will run red with American blood.”
As for oil tankers, these are even more vulnerable than aircraft carriers. If attacked, these will sink easily, clogging up vital sea lanes and doing immense environmental damage to the entire Persian Gulf region.
It is of interest to note that the US is busy working on a new generation of laser defense to counter the sophisticated  anti-ship missiles possessed by Iran. However, these are still in process of development. This gives Iran a relative advantage if it is attacked now rather than later. Ironically, the longer America and Israel delay in attacking Iran, the better their chances of successfully countering the retaliatory measures they can expect from Iran.
Both America and Israel are unfortunately just not ready to wage the type of warfare they prefer to wage and at which they so excel: shooting fish in a barrel.
Unlike Iraq, which the warmonger neoconservatives told us would be a  “cakewalk”—easily conquered in six weeks—Iran is unlikely to offer its American and Israeli antagonists easy opportunities to indulge in their fish-in-a-barrel fantasies.
Our courageous remote control warriors, hunched over their keyboards far from the din of battle, may be able to rain down death and destruction on innocent civilians in Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen and Somalia, meanwhile salving their consciences by calling their victims “terrorists”, but there is nothing they can do with their drones to stop Iran’s deadly missiles from blowing up American aircraft carriers or sinking oil tankers in the Persian Gulf.
*          *          *
The Sunburn is perhaps the most lethal anti-ship missile in the world (see also here), designed to fly as low as nine feet above groundwater level and at more than 1,500 miles per hour. The missile uses a jerky pop-up maneuver for its terminal approach. This enables it in effect to dodge, or jump out of the way, of the Phalanx and other anti-missile defense systems: in short, to hit its target bang-on without being intercepted en route.
Given their low cost, these ship missiles are perfectly suited for close quarter naval conflict in the pond like environment of the Persian Gulf.
The Sunburn is versatile and easy to use. It can be fired from practically any platform, including the back of a flatbed truck. It has a 100-mile range, which is all that is necessary in the narrow Persian Gulf, with its 40-mile width round the Strait of Hormuz.
Fired from shore, the Sunburn will punch a room-sized hole through  any ship in the Strait of Hormuz in a fraction of a second.
These missiles therefore present a serious threat to the US Navy. Their power to inflict horrendous damage on hostile intruders simply cannot be exaggerated.
Developed by the Russians, and made fully available to China and Iran, the SS-N-22 Sunburn, a supersonic anti-ship missile, has been described as “the most lethal missile in the world today.” (See also here for other anti-ship missiles designed, built, or operated by Iran. See here for a discussion of anti-ship missiles and US capability to defend against them.)
Compared to the Exocet, the Sunburn is a much larger and faster missile. It possesses a far greater range. Its guidance system is spot-on. The Sunburn can deliver a 200-kiloton nuclear payload (a 750-pound conventional warhead) within a range of 100 miles, more than twice the range of the Exocet. It seems the missile was specifically designed to defeat the US Aegis radar defense system.
The Sunburn’s astonishing accuracy was demonstrated recently in a live test staged at sea by the Chinese and observed by US spy planes. Not only did the Sunburn missile destroy the dummy target ship, it scored a perfect bull’s eye. It succeeded in hitting the crosshairs of a large “X” mounted on the ship’s bridge.
Unlike America’s drones, the Sunburn is not in the business of creating “collateral damage.” It does not kill innocent civilians by the score. It kills only the enemy.
In a 2004 article, Mark Gaffney writes:
US ships in the Gulf will already have come within range of the Sunburn missiles and the even more advanced SS-NX-26 Yakhont missiles, also Russian-made (speed: Mach 2.9; range: 180 miles) deployed by the Iranians along the Gulf’s northern shore. Every US ship will be exposed and vulnerable. When the Iranians spring the trap, the entire lake will become a killing field.
The Sunburn’s payload hit, with its 750-pound conventional warhead, is apparently insufficient to sink an aircraft carrier, but it is enough to sink most other ships and their crews. So it is generally opined in the technical literature.
No conclusive studies, however, have been carried out to determine the effect of a swarm of missiles attacking an aircraft carrier simultaneously. Perhaps there is no need for such a study. Common sense will tell you that a swarm of killer bees is much more dangerous than a single bee. One bee you can easily swat; a swarm of bees you cannot.
An astute observer of the military situation has offered this comment:
Aegis and RAM systems do not stop Sunburn missiles. Those systems were designed to stop subsonic not supersonic anti-ship cruise missiles. Even then they were unsuccessful in stopping an Iraqi (subsonic) Exocet when it struck the American warship Stark during the Iran-Iraq war. 
Supersonic anti-ship cruise missiles travel faster than a rifle bullet and it would take no more than three of them to sink an aircraft carrier. In fact, any surface ship is a floating coffin. 
If anyone out there knows of a technology that can stop a rifle bullet in full flight, please let me know what it is.
“You don’t have to be Hannibal preparing for the Battle of Cannae,” military observer Russ Winter writes, “to see that the Strait is a potential “shooting gallery”.
The Strait of Hormuz is in fact an ideal ambush location for large and cumbersome ships that offer such easy targets you would have to be blind to miss them.
Without a doubt, the Iranians have marked out every firing spot along the Persian Gulf coast. Locating these hiding holes with low-flying attack helicopters will not be easy. Helicopters can be shot down.
Equally impressive is Iran’s missile range: 1500 miles and growing.  Hostile Bahrain and Qatar can easily be hit by the longer-range versions of the Sunburn or Onyx. So can the Saudi oilfields.
Indeed Israel itself, though further away, could suddenly find itself under a shower of deadly missiles, not only from distant Iran, but from Hezbollah just across the Lebanese border.
“This is going to be the Big One,” says Justin Raimondo, “a war that will make the invasion of Iraq look like a dress rehearsal for Armageddon.”
*          *          *
It is commonly acknowledged that Israel cannot go it alone in fighting Iran. To wage a successful war against Iran, Israel needs American help. Israel would naturally prefer America to do its dirty work for it.
Should Israel act alone, it would face the extraordinary problem of needing to refuel its bombers en route to targets about 1,000 miles away and refueling them again on the way back.
It has been suggested that the United States should provide Israel with three KC-135 refueling tankers. Some of these Israeli supporters in America claim they do not themselves advocate an Israeli attack on Iran, but they are kindly disposed to Israel and wish to see it supplied with tankers that would “extend the effective range of Israeli aircraft” and “improve Israeli credibility.” (See here)
Israel has of course achieved a modest success in destroying the nuclear facilities of two other relatively primitive countries in the region: Iraq and Syria. These two past Israeli successes are not overly impressive. As achievements, they are small beer. That is, compared to the massive challenges Israel would have to face in Iran.
When Israel destroyed Iraq’s Osirak nuclear reactor in June 1981, it was one ground-level building it destroyed. That simple operation required 14 Israeli aircraft. Israel’s other success, demolishing a partially constructed Syrian facility in September 2007, involved targeting a rudimentary warehouse-like structure built on a single floor—an exceptionally easy ground-level target.
The potential targets in Iran are not only far more numerous: they are widely dispersed and buried deep underground. Many of them are probably secret facilities whose very existence is unknown.
There is the fuel-enrichment plant at Natanz, a collection of below-ground facilities used to produce enriched uranium. Then there is the newer Fordow fuel-enrichment plant near Qom, built into the side of a mountain and buried deep underground under several layers of reinforced concrete. It is generally acknowledged that to crack open Fordow, and destroy its alleged nuclear weaponry, would be a task beyond Israel’s modest capacity. At a pinch, America could do it, maybe; but certainly not Israel acting on its own.
There are two other Iranian nuclear sites Israel would need to attack: the heavy-water reactor at Arak and the yellowcake-conversion plant at Isfahan.
There are three possible routes to Iran: north over Turkey, south over Saudi Arabia, or a central route across Jordan and Iraq. The US, having officially withdrawn from Iraq in December, is no longer under obligation to defend Iraqi skies from Israeli planes. The Iraqis themselves are of course unable to do so.  (See here.)
The recent Robb-Wald Report tells us that Israel has enough GBU-28 bunker-busting bombs to “severely damage, though likely not completely destroy, Iran’s known underground nuclear sites in a single well-executed operation.”
Perhaps even this is no more than wishful thinking. Note the loaded phrase: “known underground nuclear sites.” Best not to mention the unknown ones.
To achieve victory in Iran, Israel would be stretched to the limit. It would have to deploy several B-2 stealth and B-52 bombers, fighter-bombers and helicopters, along with ship-launched cruise missiles. It would not only  need to take out Iran’s underground nuclear facilities—an impossible task—but it would have to destroy Iran’s communications systems, air defense and missile sites, Revolutionary Guard Corps living quarters, munitions storage depots, airfields, and ship and port facilities—not to mention missile boats, minelayers and midget submarines.
Given that Israel, for all its vaunted might, was unable to defeat valiant little Hezbollah in 20o6, the chances of it stealing an easy victory from Iran would seem to belong in the realms of fantasy.
Not all Americans are in favor of aiding and abetting Israel in yet another rampage of wanton destruction—not after the crimes of Gaza which have left an indelible stain on Israel’s already dubious reputation.
Destroying Iran’s infrastructure may make sense to some callous Americans, but to many others it would seem a cruel and vicious enterprise. To poison a population of 74 million people, most of them women and children, with tons of depleted uranium, while putting thousands of other innocents into wheelchairs, is not an achievement likely to bring honor or prestige to Israel.
Not all of us have forgotten the lessons of history. We are cognizant of the fact that Iran has not started a war for 30o years. That it simply wishes to be left alone. And that it is Israel, rather than Iran, that seems to suffer from a serious pathological problem—a “collective madness”—with more than enough blood on its hands.
Speaking on behalf of Israel’s countless critics, one political pundit writes:
The US cannot eradicate the Iran regime. It cannot bring Iran under its control, that is, not without creating a disaster for itself and the entire world….Doing that entails huge costs and risks to the US, all the countries in that region, and the many other countries that would be affected by it, including Russia, China, India, Pakistan and Afghanistan….Right now, Obama must stop Israel from attacking Iran. (Emphasis in original). He must do so in the strongest ways available to him, like denying airspace to Israel for refueling its bombers. … The US [should] prevent Israel…from flying over Iraq and refueling.
Sound advice, it seems to me. Why support Israel? Cui bono? Iran has much more to offer America than Israel does.
Iran has oil in abundance, Israel has none. Iran does not hold America’s political class to ransom. Iran does not try to browbeat successive American administrations into putting Iranian interests before American ones. Iran’s dual citizens do not spy on America or sell American military secrets to Russia and China—there are no Iranian Rosenbergs or Jonathan Pollards. Iran does not coerce Americans into fighting and dying for it in foreign wars. Iran does not expect $3 billion a year in handouts, and even more in loan guarantees that never get repaid.
Iran would be a far greater asset to America than Israel could ever be. Israel is a liability and a burden.
More fool America for cuddling up to a “friend” who has stabbed it in the back in the past—the Lavon affair, the USS Liberty incident, the Jonathan Pollard betrayal—and is more than likely to stab it in the back again at some time in the foreseeable future.
Dump Israel. That’s my advice. Before Israel sets the world on fire, taking America with it.
*          *          *
Obama has in recent months begun to make it clear to Israel that the United States would not get involved in a war started by Benjamin Netanyahu without preliminary US approval.
Indeed, on January 20, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Martin Dempsey, informed Netanyahu that the US would not defend Israel if it launched an attack on Iran that had not been coordinated in advance with the US.
In May 2008, Netanyahu’s predecessor, Ehud Olmert, had requested the approval of George W Bush for an air attack on Iran. To his credit, Bush had refused to countenance any such move.
Netanyahu has since defied the US administration by refusing to assure Washington that he would consult them before making a decision to attack Iran.
Other US officials have apparently made it clear to Netanyahu that the US, unless fully consulted, would refuse to come to Israel’s aid in the event of Israel declaring war on Iran unilaterally.
If Israel did that, it would be on its own.
It would be a mistake for Israel to assume that America is under obligation to protect it from the consequences of its own folly. (For more details, see here.)
Writing in the Huffington Post, political commentator MJ Rosenberg advances the audacious theory that Israel has no wish to go to war right now, but is more interested in flexing its muscles and playing cat-and-mouse games with America. It wants to show everyone that Israel is now the Cat and America the Mouse: “Netanyahu and his camp followers do not really want a war now. They just want it understood that they can dictate whether there is one or not. And when. In other words, they want to show who is boss.”
It’s time for a showdown.
The capital of America needs to be moved back to Washington. Tel Aviv is too far away.
*          *          *
When Zbigniew Brzezinski says, “An Israeli attack on Iran would create a disaster”, he must be taken seriously.  
An old hand, and an expert on Russia, Brzezinski is the acclaimed author of The Grand Chessboard: American Primacy and Its Geostrategic Imperatives. One cannot help wondering what Brzezinski thinks of the controversial statement  made by Leonid Ivashov, former member of the Russian Joint Chiefs of Staff, which aired on Russia Today TV on February 1, 2012:
Russia does not want any military operations to be waged against Iran or Syria. These two countries are allies, and both are considered guaranteed partners of Russia. A strike against Syria or Iran is an indirect strike against Russia and its interests.
Later he adds, significantly, striking a chord with people like me who believe that America is now a crypto-fascist state masquerading as a democracy:
Everybody should acknowledge that Fascism is making great strides on our planet. What they did in Libya is nearly identical to what Hitler and his armies did against Poland and then Russia. Today, therefore, Russia is defending the entire world from Fascism.
No need to ask who the New Fascists are.
Just turn on your television sets and you will see their smiling faces, telling you how much they love and cherish you—as long as you vote for them—and as long as you die for them in foreign wars for the aggrandizement of Israel.
*          *          *
It certainly needs to be asked: How much longer will America continue to fight Israel’s wars? What hold does Israel have over America? Is America prepared to sustain immense damage to its vital interests on behalf of an unstable and insolent ally that remains, if numerous polls are to be believed, the world’s most hated nation?
There are some indications that not all American operatives, especially in the armed forces and the CIA, are overly impressed with Israel’s increasingly irresponsible behavior. A significant rift in the friendship appears to be developing, a rift that will hopefully grow in time as America finally comes to its senses.
Relations could once again reach rockbottom, as when former US Secretary of State James Baker uttered his infamous remark about Israel’s Jewish American supporters: “Fuck the Jews, they don’t even vote for us.”
Former Centcom chief and retired Gen. Joe Hoar recently complained of a certain shady Israeli operation involving the terrorist group Jundullah, in which Mossad thugs had the impudence to masquerade as CIA agents: “Israel is playing with fire. It gets us involved in their covert war, whether we want to be involved or not.”
The tension between longsuffering Iran and an insufferable Israel, goading it to frenzy, is now at fever pitch.
Here is part of an interview between journalist Eleanor Hall and Iran specialist Geneive Abdo who is director of the Iran program at the National Security Network in Washington. I have compressed drastically in the interests of economy, but the full version can be read here:
ELEANOR HALL: Iran’s leadership says it’s sheer lies that it’s behind the [recent] attacks [on Iranian embassies in India and elsewhere] and that the Israelis have planted the bombs themselves to discredit Iran?
GENEIVE ABDO: Well I think that’s entirely possible. I mean, if you consider what the Israelis did for many years in Lebanon and other parts of the Middle East, that theory is not so farfetched.
ELEANOR HALL: How incendiary is the relationship between Iran and Israel right now? Are we looking at an Israeli strike on Iranian nuclear facilities…?
GENEIVE ABDO: I think it’s certainly a decision Israel is taking very seriously.
ELEANOR HALL: So how dangerous do you think the situation is right now?
GENEIVE ABDO: I think it’s very dangerous. Far more dangerous than any escalation tension we’ve seen in 30 years.
ELEANOR HALL: So, how dangerous could it become if the Israelis do strike?
GENEIVE ABDO: It’s an extremely dangerous situation. The Iranians will not take this lightly, and they will use all the resources at their disposal to attack. They will cause chaos in the region, because their whole survival is on the line….You know, they could launch attacks on Latin America. They’ve even said that they would launch attacks on American soil. They will send missiles to Tel Aviv….If you consider what the Israelis have done in Lebanon…I don’t think that gives us much hope…
If Israel decides to launch an all-out attack on Iran, we can be sure of one thing: the towers of Tel Aviv will come toppling down. Not necessarily now, but one day in the distant future, when it is decided that vengeance is a dish best served cold.
The nuclear complex at Dimona could well be destroyed—if not now, later on, in the fullness of time—making Israel an uninhabitable wasteland.
Given its miniscule size, Israel could be destroyed in a single day, if not by Iran, then almost certainly by Russia or China.
Only a week ago, Alireza Forghani, head of the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei’s strategic team, was quoted as saying: “It would only take nine minutes to wipe out Israel.”
No one seriously expects to see the annihilation of Israel right now, but Israel will have to take the consequences of its actions one day.
Israel will reap what it sows as Armageddon approaches.
The clock is ticking…
_______________________________________________________________________
Dr Lasha Darkmoon (email her) is an academic with higher degrees in Classics. She is also a poet and translator. Her articles can be sampled here, her poems here.
Source 
Repost: Obama’s Sodomite Past Comes Back To Haunt HimJanuary 8, 2012
Wayne Madsen – Wayne Madsen Report via Truth in Our Time Oct 2, 2010
President Obama and his chief of staff Rahm Emanuel are lifetime members of the same gay bath house in uptown Chicago, according to informed sources in Chicago’s gay community, as well as veteran political sources in the city.
The bath house, Man’s Country, caters to older white men and it has been in business for some 30 years and is known as one of uptown Chicago’s “grand old bathhouses.” WMR was told by sources who are familiar with the bath house that it provides one-year “lifetime” memberships to paying customers and that the club’s computerized files and pre-computer paper files, include membership information for both Obama and Emanuel. The data is as anonymized as possible for confidentiality purposes. However, sources close to “Man’s Country” believe the U.S. Secret Service has purged the computer and filing cabinet files of the membership data on Obama and Emanuel.
Members of Man’s Country are also issued club identification cards. WMR learned that Obama and Emanuel possessed the ID cards, which were required for entry.
Obama began frequenting Man’s Country in the mid-1990s, during the time he transitioned from a lecturer at the University of Chicago Law School to his election as an Illinois State Senator in 1996. Emanuel, reportedly joined Man’s Country after he left the Clinton White Hosue and moved back to Chicago in 1998, joining the investment firm of Wasserstein Perella and maintaining his membership during his 2002 campaign for the U.S. 5th District House seat vacated by Rod Blagojevich, who was elected governor.
Man’s Country appears to be a “one stop shopping” center for gay men. The club’s website advertises steam rooms, “fantasy rooms,” bed rooms, male strippers, adult movies, and lockers.
However, Man’s Country was not the only location for Obama’s predatory gay sex activities. The Chicago gay community is aware that Obama often made contacts with younger men at his famous “pick-up basketball” games. It was at these “pick up” matches where Obama first met Emanuel and a young Democratic campaign worker and senior bank vice president named Alexi Giannoulias. Currently running for Obama’s old U.S. Senate seat now occupied by Roland Burris, Giannoulias successfully ran for Illinois Treasurer in 2006 after being drafted for the run by Chicago’s Democratic machine.
The Blagojevich trial: “Sex, Lies, and Audio tapes” — Fitzgerald’s US Attorney’s Office part of White House cover-up of gay sex in the Second City
Giannoulias was a vice president and senior loan officer for his father’s bank, Broadway Bank, from 2002 to 2006. Broadway Bank made real estate loans to Antoin “Tony” Rezko, the chief of Rezmar Corporation. On May 13, 2008, Rezko was found guilty, after being indicted by a grand jury at the behest of the U.S. Attorney for Northern Illinois Patrick J. Fitzgerald, of six counts of wire fraud, six counts of mail fraud, two counts of corrupt solicitation, and two counts of money laundering. Rezko has been in solitary confinement at the Metropolitan Detention Center at Van Buren and Clark in Chicago since June 2008. However, Rezko has not yet been officially sentenced to a federal prison. A Syrian-American, Rezko is considered to be a flight risk, even though his one-time fortune of $50 million has been reduced to zero.
One Republican politician in Chicago told WMR that Rezko will be a prime witness for Blagojevich’s defense. “Figure it this way, Rezko’s been in solitary confinement in the city jail since June 0f 2008 . . . if he is released to appear at Blagojevich’s trial as the primary witness, everyone expects him to squeal like a pig,” said the Republican politico.
In 2005, Rezko reportedly engaged in a complicated real estate “flip” through which his wife Rita and Obama agreed to split an empty lot adjoining a home that Obama bought in Chicago’s Kenwood district. The deal saw Obama buy the home for $1.65 million, which was $300,00 below market value. Obama then bought a strip of the adjoining property from Mrs. Rezko, a speculative deal that stood to make Obama a handsome profit. Since Rezko’s conviction, the property has has reportedly gone into bankruptcy. Giannoulias’s Broadway Bank was seized by the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation on April 23, 2010, reportedly as Secretary of Treasury Tim Geithner was on his way to Chicago to present the bank with a bailout check. Geithner quickly changed his plans.
Giannoulias, Broadway’s then-senior loan officer, has denied being involved in the decision to loan money to Rezko.
Blagojevich’s trial judge, U.S. District Court judge James Zagel, a crony of former Illinois Republican Governor Jim Thompson, ruled that all 500 hours of phone calls intercepted and taped by Fitzgerald could not be played during Blagojevich’s trial as demanded by Blagojevich and his defense lawyers. Blagojevich demanded that Fitzgerald “show up in court and explain to everybody . . . why you don’t want those tapes that you made played in court.”
WMR has learned that the tapes may contain salty references Obama’s and Emanuel’s private lives.
WMR attempted to interview Blagojevich’s senior defense lawyer Sam Adam to no avail but other informed sources told us that the tapes, if played, would highlight the corruption of not only Obama, Emanuel, and other member of Obama’s Chicago “brain trust” but also Fitzgerald himself. WMR was told that Fitzgerald’s tactics have included providing sex and drugs to imprisoned felons to get them to provide perjured testimony at federal trials.
It is exactly the type of federal prosecutorial misconduct by Fitzgerald that former Republican Governor said was used by state prosecutors when he commuted the death sentences of Illinois’s death row population. Ryan was indicted by Fitzgerald for fraud and he is currently serving out a federal prison sentence.
Blagojevich’s trial was scheduled to begin on June 3 and Fitzgerald’s main interest was to keep the trial focused on Blagojevich, especially after he managed to “flip” Blagojevich’s former chief of staff John Harris to testify against the impeached and ousted governor. WMR learned from informed sources that one lawyer on Harris’s defense team is involved in a gay partner scandal that was discovered by the attorney’s wife.
Some of the wiretaps may reveal that it was not Valerie Jarrett, Obama’s longtime friend and current White House policy adviser who was Obama’s top candidate to fill his U.S. Senate seat, but the young 32-year old “pick up basketball” friend of Obama, Giannoulias, then serving his second year as state Treasurer. However, Obama had avoided campaigning for Giannoulias in Illinois and there were initial indications that the president had “thrown Giannoulias under the bus,” according to some Democratic political circles in Chicago. However, Obama has since had a change of heart and began to campaign for him.
Mutiple Chicago sources report that Republicans who see Giannoulias’s Obama connections as providing an edge in his Senate race this year should not celebrate prematurely. Giannoulias’s GOP opponent, U.S. Representative Mark Kirk, a Naval Reserve intelligence officer, has also been identified as a closeted gay man. Kirk divorced his wife last year after an eight-year marriage. They had no children.
In addition, U.S. Representative Aaron Shock, who took over the House seat vacated by Obama’s Republican Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood, is, according to Chicago Boy’s Town sources, a habitué of Minibar, a noted gay bar in Chicago’s gay district. For an extremely young first term member of the House, observers were surprised when GOP Minority Whip Eric Cantor of Virginia named Shock as a Deputy Minority Whip.
Man’s Country, one of Chicago’s “grand old bathhouses” and located at 5015 North Clark Street in Chicago’s “Boystown,” was a frequent hangout for State Senator Obama and Rahm Emanuel
Sources in Chicago’s gay community report that Obama was attracted to Man’s Country’s older white clientele because he generally enjoys being fellated by older white men. Obama would regularly be seen at Man’s Country on Wednesdays.
Obama reportedly has never engaged in reciprocal activity. The sources also confirm the allegations made during the 2008 campaign by Larry Sinclair, a Chicago visitor who revealed that in 1999 he engaged in such oral sex activity and crack cocaine use with then-State senator Obama on two occasions, once in the back of a Chicago limousine operated by Five Star Limousine Service, and the other at a Chicago area motel, the Comfort Suites in Gurnee, Illinois.
After revealing details of the encounter at a press conference at the National Press Club in Washington, Sinclair was arrested by Washington Metropolitan Police on a fugitive warrant issued by Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden, the son of Obama’s vice presidential running mate, Senator Joe Biden. Sinclair was charged with a misdemeanor count of theft of money orders, however, the state of Delaware declined prosecution. Beau Biden later declined to run for his father’s old Senate seat because of his duties to prosecute a major pedophilia case involving Lewes, Delaware pediatrician Dr. Earl Bradley. There are reports that Biden’s office helped to cover up Bradley’s activities, including failing to authorize search warants for Bradley’s office and computer.
WMR spoke to several well-placed sources in Chicago who reported that Jeremiah Wright, the pastor of Obama’s former church of 20 years, Trinity United Church of Christ (TUCC) on Chicago’s south side, ran what was essentially a matchmaking service for gay married black professional members of the church, including lawyers and businessmen, particularly those with children. The matchmaking club was called the “Down Low Club” but references to it over the phone and email simply referred to the group with the code phrase “DLC.” The ruse, according to our sources, was to make anyone who was eavesdropping on the communications believe that the references were to the Democratic Leadership Council, also known as the DLC.
The gay DLC’s services were intended to keep ensure TUCC’s gay members avoided posting solicitations on web services like Craig’s List and refrain from cruising gay bars. The strategy was to protect them from getting busted and being “outed.”
Among the members of the gay “DLC” were Obama and TUCC’s choir director, Donald Young, an openly gay man who reportedly had a sexual relationship with Obama. Two other gay members of the church were Larry Bland and Nate Spencer. Young and Bland were brutally murdered, execution style, in late 2007. Bland was murdered on November 17, 2007 and Young on December 24, 2007. The latter was killed by multiple gunshot wounds. Spencer reportedly died on December 26, 2007, official cause of death: “septicemia, pneumonia, and HIV.”
“DLC” members often went on camping trips arranged by TUCC. Wright reportedly was the head of the “DLC” matchmaking services and ensured that its members protected each other.
The “DLC’s” clientele included Obama and other gay members of TUCC, including, reportedly Young, Bland, and Spencer. Fox 32 Chicago reported that Bland’s mother, Josephine Bland, was so upset at her son inviting men into their home as a result of contacting them through gay web sites like “Adam4Adam,” she moved out.
The gay community in Chicago knows to keep away from the TUCC and “DLC” stories because of the “creepiness” of the operation and the suspicious deaths of the three TUCC gay black men.
Although Obama protected his alternate life style through the secretiveness of the “DLC,” he was not so careful when he proclaimed he was a state senator while frolicking at Man’s Country in uptown Chicago.
Love: Obama’s personal trainer

Reggie Love (centre). Click to enlarge
Reggie Love, a former Duke basketball and football player and unsuccessful National Basketball hopeful, currently serves as Obama’s personal trainer and White House “special assistant” — he has been called Obama’s “body man” – who receives a salary of $104,000 a year. Love is also reportedly one of Obama’s regular gay sex partners. Love joined Obama’s Senate staff in a senior staff position in 2006.
Media General’s tabloid, the National Enquirer, proffered a story last year about Michelle Obama being furious about the relationship between her husband and his “body man.” The Enquirer’s sister tabloid, The Globe, later floated a story about Obama having a relationship with a Democratic campaign official named Vera Baker. WMR has been told that this relationship was a clever ruse to throw off speculation about Obama’s actual past sex partners. Baker has apparently left the United States for relatively more obscurity in Martinique. Media General’s tabloids have scooped the mainstream media on sex scandals involving Bill Clinton and Gennifer Flowers and Monica Lewinsky, Tiger Woods, and John Edwards and Rielle Hunter.
WMR’s Chicago sources believe the Secret Service records of presidential candidate Obama’s activities in Chicago would show that Obama regularly arrived at Love’s Chicago residence at 9:00 am and departed at 9:15 am. Sources told WMR that while 15 minutes is much too short for a personal training exercise, it is ample time for fellatio.
Bill Frist, “Brokeback Mountain,” and Obama
In 2006, after Obama became the junior senator from Illinois, WMR’s sources in the Congressional Black Caucus reported that there were persistent rumors of gay trysts between Obama and then-GOP Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist of Tennessee. The allegations at the time seemed unbelievable.
However, based on Obama’s penchant for receiving fellatio from older white men, a column written by The Washington Post’s “In the Loop” columnist Al Kamen on April 7, 2006, some four months into Obama’s Senate term, may have expanded relevance. Kamen reported he received an invitation to attend Frist’s “5th Annual VOLPAC ’06 Weekend” in Nashville from April 21st to 23rd and that the invitation card required one to “unbuckle the cowboy’s pants and look inside to see what this was all about.” Kamen opined that the invitation seemed “a bit too ‘Brokeback Mountain.’”
The invitation advertised that the shindig would feature “one-of-a-kind music and special friends,” although Kamen said there was no indication what made the “friends” so “special.” Kamen then wrote, “The back of the card shows the cowboy from behind with a red flowered handkerchief sticking out of his right pocket. Wait a minute — wasn’t there something about how this used to be some kind of code in the gay community years ago? A way to signal each other in crowded, noisy bars? So we checked the GayCityUSA.com’s Hanky Codes. Sure enough, there it was in the chart explaining what they mean: red hanky in right pocket. Oh, dear.”
Rumors about Obama and Frist ran amok in Congressional Black Caucus circles in 2006.
Although Frist ran on the pledge of only serving two terms, he became Senate Majority Leader with all the perks of the office. WMR’s sources in Chicago’s gay community revealed that Frist’s Majority Leader predecessor, Senator Trent Lott of Mississippi, was also known to seek the services of male prostitutes. Frist, who said he planned to run for President in 2006, decided against a run for the White House and also declined a run for Tennessee governor in 2010.
With the rumor mill running at full speed in 2006, it is obvious why Frist abandoned politics so quickly for the medical business. Frist later endorsed Obama’s health care proposals. A year later, when GOP Senator Larry Craig was arrested while soliciting for sex in a men’s toilet stall at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport, he changed his mind about immediately resigning his Senate seat. Knowing about his colleagues’ behavior, he dug in his heels and completed his term in January 2009.
Rahm the “Sugar Daddy”
Obama’s chief of staff Emanuel, who won a scholarship to the Joffrey Ballet but turned it down to attend college, is married and, like Obama, has children, in Emanuel’s case, a son and two daughters.
However, Emanuel, who is 50, also travel frequently with a male companion, a wealthy Chicago real estate developer, some five to six years his senior. WMR has learned from Chicago’s gay community as well as political sources that Emanuel and his friend have gone together on a trip to India, skiing vacations, and soon plan a vacation in Florida, sans Mrs. Emanuel and the kids.
In Chicago’s gay community, Emanuel is known as “sugar daddy,” promising young men with perks and lucrative positions if they sleep with him. On occasion, Emanuel has been with older men, such as his travel companion, but his preference is young, according to WMR’s sources. Emanuel also often uses bicycling and basketball venues to make his approaches. Being an Emanuel “basketball buddy” is a key to professional success.
WMR spoke to one member of the gay community in Chicago who had first hand knowledge of one of Emanuel’s bed partners, an older man who runs a non-profit symphony organization.
Obama’s other sex partners
WMR has previously reported on Obama’s past trysts with Alabama Democratic U.S. Representative Artur Davis, a current primary candidate for governor of Alabama. Although not in the same class, Obama and Davis attended Harvard Law School during an overlap of their attendance at the law school.
The information on Davis and Obama was gathered by opposition researchers for former Alabama Representative Earl Hilliard, who Davis defeated in the 2002 Democratic primary. Recently, WMR was informed by sources in Alabama that Attorney General Eric Holder traveled three days ago to Alabama to inform Davis that if he loses his primary race, he would be nominated by Obama to fill the job of U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Alabama, a position still held by Bush-appointee Leura Canary, one of the main prosecutors of convicted and jailed former Alabama Democratic Governor Don Siegelman.
Chicago sources also informed WMR of another past gay partner of Obama, Massachusetts Democratic Governor Deval Patrick.
Men who have reportedly had sexual relations with Barack Obama
Donald Young, TUCC Choir director
Larry Sinclair, gay escort
Reggie Love, White House presidential assistant and Obama’s “body man”
Artur Davis, US Representative from Alabama and gubernatorial candidate
Bill Frist, former GOP Senate Majority Leader
Deval Patrick, Governor of Massachusetts
The Clear and Present Blackmail Threat
Leading secret alternate life styles, Obama and his chief of staff provide classic blackmail threats. Considering Obama’s choice for the Supreme Court, Elena Kagan, who is reputedly a semi-open lesbian, the question must be posed how much Obama’s and Emanuel’s own covert life styles led to the decision to nominate Kagan, someone with no experience on a judicial bench.
Similarly, the fact that so much is known about Obama’s and Emanuel’s trysts in Chicago begs another important question. If politicians, gay community activists, and journalists in the Windy City are aware of Obama’s and Emanuel’s highly blackmailable gay life styles, the same can certainly hold true for the executives of one of Chicago’s corporate headquarters — that of BP America’s Production Operations.
Throw in the intelligence agencies of America’s allies, friends, enemies, and the situation becomes a clear and present danger to the national security of the United States.
Wayne Madsen is a Washington, DC-based investigative journalist, author and syndicated columnist. He has written for several renowned papers and blogs.
Madsen is a regular contributor on Russia Today. He has been a frequent political and national security commentator on Fox News and has also appeared on ABC, NBC, CBS, PBS, CNN, BBC, Al Jazeera, and MS-NBC. Madsen has taken on Bill O’Reilly and Sean Hannity on their television shows. He has been invited to testifty as a witness before the US House of Representatives, the UN Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, and an terrorism investigation panel of the French government.
As a U.S. Naval Officer, he managed one of the first computer security programs for the U.S. Navy. He subsequently worked for the National Security Agency, the Naval Data Automation Command, Department of State, RCA Corporation, and Computer Sciences Corporation.
Madsen is a member of the Society of Professional Journalists (SPJ), Association for Intelligence Officers (AFIO), and the National Press Club.
Source
9/11 Masterminds – Explosive ConnectionsOctober 7, 2011

The End of the Road in the Rear View MirrorSeptember 8, 2011
Smoking Mirrors – September 8, 2011
Dog Poet Transmitting…….
May your noses lead you into green pastures beyond the end of the road.
The end of the road lies somewhere down the road; you never know where that is or when you’re going to get there but you do know when you arrive. Things may change in front of you and there may be nothing more in front of you but the significator will definitely be in the rear view mirror. Through the windshield you may note abandoned houses, broken toilets and grazing cows. It might be a frozen lava flow and that’s never good news, given the smoke in the distance, whose location can’t be fixed. It could be white sands. It could be black sands and it could be red sands. It could be Tom Cruise running down the road in Vanilla Skies. It could be anything. It’s what’s happening in the rear view mirror that counts.
The first time you notice that you are getting close to the end of the road is when you look in your rear view mirror and see that there is no longer a road behind you. What that means is you can’t turn around any longer. You probably didn’t notice when the road disappeared, no one ever does. What you notice is that all of the things you are seeing in your windshield are now in your rear view mirror too. Sometimes the side windows are fogged with mist and you can’t see anything at all. Sometimes it’s smoke, as if you were driving through a brush fire and sometimes you can see out of the side windows but it’s more of what now is showing in the rear view mirrors and through the dashboard.
Usually when you are getting near the end of the road you begin to think you hear music playing somewhere. It’s not coming from the radio or CD player because that is never on when you are getting close to the end of the road. Maybe you turned it off shortly before or maybe it just stopped playing on its own. This is something you can’t remember, no matter how hard you may try. It does sound like music is playing somewhere and you finally figure out that it’s playing in your head. In many cases you can intuit what the end of the road is going to look like because of the soundtrack and this is the point where a lot of people look into the rear view mirror and notice that the road is gone.
You don’t need food anymore and there isn’t any sex at the end of the road, so that takes care of two of the major distractions of your life up to that point. For some there is an awful hunger and longing that is very much like what used to present itself, when one of these two things was on the Future Exit Menu but you know it isn’t either of these things, it’s for something else that went missing at the same time the road disappeared from your rear view mirror.
In many cases the end of the road has that late night Greyhound bus station vibe. There’s weariness and low level anxiety. There’s the distinct impression that the end of the road and the highway that took you there are still visible but only inside your head and the bus station effect makes the images return again and again like a runaway Rolodex. The Rolodex makes you think of all the people and opportunities that were going past the side windows on your way to the end of the road. This adds a haunting ache to the whole diorama of empty houses and grazing cows. In some instances and especially these days, the cows are not grazing. Even though you’ve never been to the end of the road and even though you may have been to the end of the road many, many times but just can’t remember from one time to the next, somehow you know there should have been cows grazing there, the same way you know that something terrible happened to the cows but you can’t see them at the moment. You know that whatever happened to the cows has something to do with you and you’re pretty thankful for the spinning Rolodex, although the low level anxiety has definitely increased since you noticed the cows were missing.
Now that you’re at the end of the road, you’re getting these flashes that you had noticed the road was changing behind you but you just didn’t register it at the time. It seems now that the road had changed from macadam to gravel and then to a dirt track. You’re not entirely sure about this but you can’t shake the sensation of actually having seen it happen. Along with this you’re getting other flashes and sensations about all sorts of things from the past that happened but you didn’t notice them at the time. You are only noticing it now. Some of these things seem like they were major events and screaming possibilities of all kinds but when they occurred they were very much diminished and more like distractions when, in fact, they were life changing experiences that didn’t happen.
You’ve got a lot of time to think now, in some cases and in other cases there is the pressing sense that you have no time at all and thinking about anything isn’t going to do any good. Some of you are probably going to explore some of the abandoned buildings in that case and maybe sit down on one of the busted toilets and have a cigarette and a beer but the cooler is gone from the car and you can’t find your tobacco. In all cases you realize that this isn’t what you wanted, it only felt like it was. It doesn’t seem all that strange to you that so many things are missing or that you are missing something you can’t identify because part of you knows all about it but the connection is bad.
Maybe you’ve gotten out of the car by now and it’s certainly cooler or warmer than you expected. The sun is behind the clouds and it feels like it shouldn’t be as warm as it is, or the sun is shining but it’s so much cooler than it should be. The thing you notice the most as you get out of the car is not the climate but the sounds inside your head. It isn’t music anymore and you realize now that it wasn’t music before either. It’s the rise and fall of a great number of voices. It’s like being in a quiet park somewhere in the middle of a large urban complex, when the wind will bring a sweep of sounds to your ear and then carry them away as it shifts in another direction, however, there isn’t any wind blowing at the end of the road. You can’t make out what any of the voices are saying but they are definitely saying something. You can feel the emotional impact that they contain but no matter how hard you try you can’t make out what they are saying.
Once you go into one of the houses you are hit with a wave of nostalgia, as if you’d been there before but you’re pretty sure that’s not the case. Still… everything is a lot more familiar than it should be and surprisingly, the inside of the houses are not abandoned at all. True, there are no other people but it looks like there were others here only a moment before. The inside of the house is as vibrant and animated as the containing walls and various objects could be. It’s the exact opposite of the outside appearances.
You haven’t been there very long. You don’t think so anyway but you do realize that you no longer have any sense of time and it’s altogether possible that you have now been there a lot longer than you think. A lot of what happens after this depends on what part of the end of the road you wound up in. You’ll have a good sense of what to expect from the unexpected by how you feel. Some of you will be feeling better than you would imagine given your surroundings and you sense that it has everything to do with being at the end of the road and the fact that with the road gone, everything that might have troubled you is also gone. In other cases, the road being gone is a terrifying concept but you haven’t got a clue as to what to do about it.
One thing eventually dawns on everyone at the end of the road and that’s that they aren’t feeling any different than they were feeling when they were back on the highway, before the gravel and the dirt track, it’s just amplified now. All kinds of things that were competing for the attention, or in place to distract the attention have been removed. The rise and fall of the voices has a hyper reality to it. It seems inexplicable that you wouldn’t be able to tell what they were saying, even though you know what they are saying and just can’t make the connection to the part of yourself that understands them.
You realize that you’ve been at the end of the road for awhile but the environment only just caught up with you now. It’s amazing how quickly it happened. It’s like it happened so very fast that the first time you saw it was in the rearview mirror and yet, it took a great deal of time. It seems like one should get to the end of the road well before they get to the end of the road and they might never have reached the end of the road at all. Of course, where one road ends another road is sure to begin, even if it is not a highway like the last one you were on.
I’m reminded of my enduring motto at this point, “Leave good footprints”. Those of us leaving good footprints are the very same people who found out what happens when you don’t and took it to heart. It’s got everything to do with the end of the road and the beginning of whatever follows that. I think it was Bilbo who mentioned what can happen when you step out of your door and into the road; how the road can sweep you up and take you anywhere, even to the gates of Mordor.
End Transmission…….
Everyday
 Source
Inside 9/11: Hijacking the Air DefenseAugust 13, 2011

Juri Lina – In the Shadow of HermesJuly 15, 2011

Part 2 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUADBor75WY
Part 3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKQR7qvcERs
Part 4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIJiwiCwG6c
Part 5 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSBH4Fhwpck&feature=related
Part 6 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oDaZQ8Um5A&feature=related
Part 7 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmxdANWAKL4&feature=related
Part 8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seTmxOzZ2Ww&feature=related
Part 9 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHmzN8lvb_s&feature=related
Part 10 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59fCy0uuyiw&feature=related
Part 11 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAL2Zi8V8Wo&feature=related
 
Dimensional Shift and the New Earth- Has Jesus Christ Spoken?April 24, 2011
Richard C. Cook – richardccook.com April 20, 2011
Jesus Christ and the 2012 Prophecies
Prophecies of a major dimensional shift in connection with 2012 may be found everywhere, but not always with recognizable authority or adequate explanation. But now this may have changed.
From the heart of Europe – Hungary – comes a comprehensive and detailed message said to be channeled from Jesus Christ. First transcribed in 2009 in Hungarian, and in circulation there in the region of the Carpathian Mountains, it is now available in an English translation for the first time.
The title is: Dimensional Shift: The Guidance of Jesus Christ on the Threshold of Global Transformation. This document is now being released into the public domain in English translation exclusively through the RichardCCook.com website as a free PDF download.    
The book is short—about 16,000 words. But those who acquire it will likely read it over and over again. 
The import of the book is crystal clear: this troubled Earth will soon be tranformed. In its pages Jesus assures us that in His mercy God has determined that a New Earth has been prepared and will soon arise. It is up to each of us to decide now where we want to be when the shift takes place. And it may take place very, very soon. Helping us will be hosts of angels already in position in Earth’s vicinity.
Is this the most important book written since the original Gospels 2,000 years ago? You may come to think so. In its pages, Jesus says you may treat it as another scripture. It is certain that once you read it, you will never be the same. And you will find in the book’s pages specific spiritual guidance for the time between now and the great change, including suggestions in offering prayers to St. Michael the Archangel, who is accessible to us now in all his strength and wisdom.
So what so many of us have been praying for may be true: In the horrors of the past century, where humanity has brought itself to the brink either of annihilation or else of the most godless totalitarian nightmare ever conceived, mankind may have been saved. 
Again, the book is available only at this website. While it is copyrighted, Richard C. Cook edited the English-language translation and is offering it publicly as a free educational publication.
The Validity of this Revelation
If one so desires, it is possible to view this book as part of a very ancient tradition of revelation through Christian laity that goes back to the days of Jesus himself. It could be argued, as has Rudolf Steiner, that the four Gospels themselves began as such channeled revelations. Familiar examples in recent history are the revelations at Lourdes and Fatima.  In Dimensional Shift, Jesus is declaring the End of the Age in fulfillment of the prophecies the Gospels cite him as having made himself during his lifetime. Obviously, Dimensional Shift also reflects other “End Times” prophecies appearing in Mayan, Hopi, Vedic, and other sources.
At the same time, Dimensional Shift may be classified as a private revelation. No one is bound to believe it, though each person, professed Christian or not, has his or her own God-given conscience as a guide, as well as the capacity to turn inward in prayer and meditation. Nor should the virtue of faith be overlooked, a quality our secular society has worked long and hard to eradicate.
Scientific Evidence
In a scientific age, one would expect to be able to look to some kind of scientific evidence to back up a claim that an entire planet is about to be transformed virtually overnight. Is there any such evidence?
Central to what Jesus is saying in Dimensional Shift is that the spiritual vibration of the Earth, as well as other sectors of the Universe, is being raised as part of the basic process of evolution, whereby planets and the beings residing on them grow in consciousness. This is how evolution actually works, as the Lord points out repeatedly in his narrative.
Planets exist at a certain frequency of vibration. Since its creation, Earth’s vibration has been at a level of 7-8 Hz. Over billions of years this has produced the array of life forms we are familiar with, including the latest phases of human life involving the development of present-day civilization.
But nothing stands still. Jesus says that if it did, the Universe would collapse. We are now at the threshold of a raising of Earth’s frequency that will completely shut down what has gone before as effectively as turning off the electrical switch that feeds power to an apartment building. At the same time, a new and better apartment building in a different part of town has been prepared for those inhabitants of the original building who qualify to live in the new one. Those who don’t will be placed elsewhere.
Under the old vibration, life on Earth had developed as far as it was able and had begun to stagnate. By the mid-20th century, the spiritual state of humanity was collapsing. The self-destruction of mankind through nuclear war, global pollution, genocide, etc., could easily be foreseen. According to the Lord’s testimony in Dimensional Shift, there were voices calling in the spiritual realms for the annihilation of the Earth altogether as a preventative measure. Instead, God decide to include the Earth in a larger uplifting of vibration.
Jesus says the vibration began to be raised in the 1960s and is going on today. A key year was 1987, the year of harmonic convergence, marking the beginning of the Sun’s alignment with the center of the Milky Way galaxy. The Sun itself has changed, with its magnetic field having more than doubled in strength in the last century.
The increased vibration of the planet has had many effects, including weather, geological, and electromagnetic changes often lumped together as results of “global warming,” etc.
The scientific community is confronting these changes in bewilderment, especially since other planets have been experiencing similar effects. The icecaps of Mars, for instance, have also been shrinking.
Governments are in a panic, because they know something epochal is going on but don’t know what it is. That is because officialdom has long ago lost its spiritual bearings in the face of the atheistic determinism that has been rendering social and economic life increasingly untenable to all but the super-rich who have had the resources to try to protect themselves. 
But the strategy has failed. Already, the most degraded elements of humanity have been left behind as the Earth’s vibration has risen, and are losing their vitality. A new generation of children is being born with spiritual capacity far beyond what we have been accustomed to. The vibration will continue to rise until the tipping point is reached when the Old Earth ends and the New Earth begins.
Waiting in space may be flotillas of craft occupied by the billions of angels poised to escort souls to their new destinations.  A particular large craft photographed by many around the world is what is called the “Blue Moon.”   
Authenticity
Since the RichardCCook.com website came into existence over four years ago, its thousands of readers around the world have become accustomed to reportage of absolute integrity, beholden to nothing but the truth as we have come to understand it.  We have no hidden agendas and no commercial interests, having refused repeatedly even to accept paid advertising.
What you are reading here is not a game, a scam, or an exercise in trivia. It is absolutely real. We have been involved in the detailed editing of Dimensional Shift, in touch through a trusted intermediary with its source in Hungary, and can vouch, to the best of our ability, for its authenticity.  
We are not trying to persuade you of anything. Download Dimensional Shift, read  it over and over again, discuss it with your friends and family, read it aloud in your spiritual groups, weigh it in prayer and meditation – and decide for yourself.
Inquiries
We will try to respond to personal inquiries to the extent possible, but time is limited.  Richard C. Cook is available to speak publicy on the topic of contemporary spirituality, including Dimensional Shift. Inquire through this website. He has also founded the Peace Spiritual Center in Roanoke, VA, to spread the message. Please see www.Peace-Spiritual-Center.org. Donations to support this mission may be made through the donation button at the top of the homepage for www.RichardCCook.com.
Click here to download Dimensional Shift: The Guidance of Jesus Christ on the Threshold of Global Transformation. Dimenstional Shift Final Edits2[1]
Source
The “Six Million” MythApril 16, 2011
Zion’s Big Lie
“The First Holocaust” by Don Heddesheimer is a critical work documenting the continuous Jewish attempts at floating out Holocaust propaganda before, during and after World War One, often invoking the magical “6,000,000” figure and using the term “Holocaust”. Of course, these clever propagandists have since accomplished their goal of establishing the outrageous myth of the Jewish Holocaust™ in the public consciousness following the end of WW2. In large part due to fictional Hollywood movies like “Shindler’s List” from that lying venomous worm, Steven Spielberg. Read The First Holocaust online here.
Why the number “Six Million”?
As documented in the book The First Holocaust, the Zionists have continuously and hysterically attempted to claim that six million Jews were dead, dying or in grave danger in Europe and Russia since the late 1800’s. Any time there was turmoil in Europe, albeit turmoil often instigated by Jews in the first place, prominent Zionist figures and Jewish-controlled media organizations world wide continuously whipped up a frenzy with phony sob stories to get people to feel sorry for Europe’s Jews and donate money to Jewish charities. It turns out that this mythical six million figure, long since discredited even by mainstream Holohoax historians, comes from a Jewish-Talmudic religious myth that says “ye shall return minus six million” or “you shall return to the land of Israel with six million less”, and of course WW2 birthed the modern state of Israel which was established in 1948. Israeli Jews often excuse their systematic genocide of Palestinians and theft of Palestinian lands by bringing up the so-called Holocaust™ of WW2, which any serious researcher and critical thinker knows by now is a fraud of collosal proportions. The Zionists have so much influence that they turned a delusional Jewish religious prophecy into “historical fact”.
From History & Scriptural Origins of the Six Million Number;
[Quote 1] Jewish prophecies in the Torah require that 6 million Jews must “vanish” before the state of Israel can be formed. “You shall return minus 6 million.” That’s why Tom Segev, an Israeli historian, declared that the “6 million” is an attempt to transform the Holocaust story into state religion. Those six million, according to prophecy, had to disappear in “burning ovens”, which the judicial version of the Holocaust now authenticates. As a matter of fact, Robert B. Goldmann writes: “. . . without the Holocaust, there would be no Jewish State.” A simple consequence: Given six million Jews gassed at Auschwitz who ended up in the “burning ovens” (the Greek word holocaust means burned offerings), therefore, the prophecies have now been “fulfilled” and Israel can become a “legitimate state”. –Unknown 
[Quote 2] Regarding the ‘six million’ number you should know the following: In the Hebrew text of the Torah prophesies, one can read “you shall return”. In the text the letter “V” or “VAU” is absent, as Hebrew does not have any numbers; the letter V stands for the number 6. Ben Weintraub, a religious scientist, learned from rabbis that the meaning of the missing letter means the number is ‘6 million’. The prophesy then reads: You will return, but with 6 million less. See Ben Weintraub: “The Holocaust Dogma of Judaism”, Cosmo Publishing, Washington 1995, page 3. The missing 6 million must be so before the Jews can return to the Promised Land. Jahweh sees this as a cleaning of the souls of the sinful people. The Jews must, on the return to the Promised Land, be clean — the cleaning shall be done in burning stokes. –A Correspondent 
 A few examples for your consideration;
1900-  
Jewish leader lets slip the Zionist Holohoax scheme
 JUNE 11, 1900 – NEW YORK TIMES – page 7 – Rabbi Wise’s Address
“There are 6,000,000 living, bleeding, suffering arguments in favor of Zionism.”

1906-  
 
1911-
Max Nordau, co-founder of the World Zionist Organization together with Theodore Herzl, warns of the “annihilation of six million people” at the Zionist congress in Basle, Switzerland. This was 22 years before Hitler came to power and 3 years before WW1 started.
1919- 
Shortly after WW1 Jews claim Holocaust of “six million Jews”. It doesn’t fly too far, nobody buys it.




Click to read full article.
1921- 
White Russian patriots gain ground on the Jewish Bolshevik usurpers of their nation. In a vein attempt to disguise their heavy involvement in murderous Bolshevism, Jews reel out the “six million” myth once again.
  
1938-

This is only a small portion of tracts available that point to there being far more to the “Holocaust” than is apparent. These along with many other examples can be found at Zion’s Big Lie: The “Six Million” Myth
Source 
Also see:
Six Million Jews 1915-1938
Holocaust, Hate Speech & Were the Germans so Stupid? – UpdatedMarch 23, 2011
 
Spurious Copyright Claim
I have just received the following notice:
We have disabled the following material as a result of a third-party notification from James Allan Khan claiming that this material is infringing:
Holocaust, Hate Speech & Were the Germans so Stupid?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gycNMf0xAc
I think that this is a spurious action; an attempt to infringe my right to freedom of speech and expression under Article 20 of the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights.
While making the video in question I was careful to ensure that any material noted as being the subject of a copyright notice was not used.  Furthermore, I have been unable to find any reference to a person named James Allan Khan on the Internet, using Google’s search engine.
As with all of my videos, this one was made for educational purposes; I will not derive any financial benefit from uploading it, and I sincerely think that the material I’ve used is in the public interest and, therefore, comes under the protection of Fair Use in the copyright law as follows:
Section 107 contains a list of the various purposes for which the reproduction of a particular work may be considered fair, such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Section 107 also sets out four factors to be considered in determining whether or not a particular use is fair:

The purpose and character of the use, including whether such use is of commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes 
The nature of the copyrighted work 
The amount and substantiality of the portion used in relation to the copyrighted work as a whole 
The effect of the use upon the potential market for, or value of, the copyrighted work 

http://www.copyright.gov/fls/fl102.html
If the accuser, James Allan Khan can demonstrate otherwise, I will remove the material in question and re-upload the edited video.  If not, I think that it is incumbent on the owners of YouTube to try and prevent Mr. Kahn and others like him from stifling a free exchange of ideas on its otherwise excellent website.
One of the main issues I have with being accused of a copyright infringement, and having one of my videos suspended, more accurately suppressed, is that my accuser was not, apparently, required to make any specific charge as to what image or images or quoted text he has based his claim on (the only musical content in the video is my own work: a single chord).before any action is taken.

Shortly, I will be uploading a video regarding this notice, giving others the benefit of what I have learned from what I think is a spurious attack on my right to freedom of expression as well as my time in having to respond to what I regard as a nuisance accusation.
Accusers should be bound to give YouTube’s legal department a reasonable amount of detail regarding the alleged infringement—at the very least the item that has been allegedly infringed—and this should be passed on to the alleged culprit, who should be given a reasonable amount of time to dispute such a claim,
Sincerely,
Anthony Lawson
However, the video itself can still be veiwed here courtesy Rebel News.
Update – April 8, 2011
Hello,
This is almost unbelievable
An IDF soldier YouTube name:  SuperProudjew has taken the trouble to download my video Holocaust, Hate Speech & Were the Germans so Stupid, break it into three parts, and re-upload them as:
Part 1 Holocaust, Hate Speech _ Were the Germans so Stupid_ (Anthon Lawson).wmv
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apx0TbiiyPE&feature=relmfu
Part 2 Holocaust, Hate Speech _ Were the Germans so Stupid_ (Anthon Lawson).wmv
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yy-r9W8vSTE&feature=relmfu 
Part 3 Holocaust, Hate Speech _ Were the Germans so Stupid_ (Anthon Lawson).wmv
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hvFZPHxFD0&feature=channel_video_title
A thinking IDF soldier.  Are we getting somewhere?  He clearly is different. 
Please see what he has posted in the notes, below my sign off.
Take care,
Anthony
Peter Power 7/7 Terror RehearsalFebruary 22, 2011

The Crucifixion of Jews Must Stop!August 21, 2010
 Martin H. Glynn, Former Governor of the State of N.Y.
From across the sea six million men and women call to us for help, and eight hundred thousand little children cry for bread.
These children, these men and women are our fellow-members of the human family, with the same claim on life as we, the same susceptibility to the winter’s cold, the same propensity to death before the fangs of hunger. Within them reside the illimitable possibilities for the advancement of the human race as naturally would reside in six million human beings. We may not be their keepers but we ought to be their helpers.
In the face of death, in the throes of starvation there is no place for mental distinctions of creed, no place for physical differentiations of race. In this catastrophe, when six million human beings are being whirled toward the grave by a cruel and relentless fate, only the most idealistic promptings of human nature should sway the heart and move the hand.
Six million men and women are dying from lack of the necessaries of life; eight hundred thousand children cry for bread. And this fate is upon them through no fault of their own, through no transgression of the laws of God or man; but through the awful tyranny of war and a bigoted lust for Jewish blood.
In this threatened holocaust of human life, forgotten are the niceties of philosophical distinction, forgotten are the differences of historical interpretation; and the determination to help the helpless, to shelter the homeless, to clothe the naked and to feed the hungry becomes a religion at whose altar men of every race can worship and women of every creed can kneel. In this calamity the temporalities of man’s fashionings fall away before the eternal verities of life, and we awaken to the fact that from the hands of one God we all come and before the tribunal of one God we all must stand on the day of final reckoning. And when that reckoning comes mere profession of lips will not weigh a pennyweight; but deeds, mere intangible deeds, deeds that dry the tear of sorrow and allay the pain of anguish, deeds that with the spirit of the Good Samaritan pour oil and wine in wounds and find sustenance and shelter for the suffering and the stricken, will outweigh all the stars in the heavens, all the waters in the seas, all the rocks and metals in all the celestian globes that revolve in the firmament around us.
Race is a matter of accident; creed, partly a matter of inheritance, partly a matter of environment, partly one’s method of ratiocination; but our physical wants and corporeal needs are implanted in all of us by the hand of God, and the man or woman who can, and will not, hear the cry of the starving; who can, and will not, take heed of the wail of the dying; who can, and will not, stretch forth a helping hand to those who sink beneath the waves of adversity is an assassin of nature’s finest instincts, a traitor to the cause of the human family and an abjurer of the natural law written upon the tablets of every human heart by the finger of God himself.
And so in the spirit that turned the poor widow’s votive offering of copper into silver, and the silver into gold when placed upon God’s altar, the people of this country are called upon to sanctify their money by giving $35,000,000 in the name of the humanity of Moses to six million famished men and women.
Six million men and women are dying — eight hundred thousand little children are crying for bread.
And why?
Because of a war to lay Autocracy in the dust and give Democracy the sceptre of the Just.
And in that war for democracy 200,000 Jewish lads from the United States fought beneath the Stars and Stripes. In the 77th Division alone there were 14,000 of them, and in Argonne Forest this division captured 54 German guns. This shows that at Argonne the Jewish boys from the United States fought for democracy as Joshua fought against the Amalekites on the plains of Abraham. In an address on the so-called “Lost Battalion,” led by Colonel Whittlesey of Pittsfield, Major-General Alexander shows the fighting stuff these Jewish boys were made of. In some way or another Whittlesey’s command was surrounded. They were short of rations. They tried to get word back to the rear telling of their plight. They tried and they tried, but their men never got through. Paralysis and stupefaction and despair were in the air. And when the hour was darkest and all seemed lost, a soldier lad stepped forward, and said to Col. Whittlesey: “I will try to get through.” He tried, he was wounded, he had to creep and crawl, but he got through. To-day he wears the Distinguished Service Cross and his name is Abraham Krotoshansky.
Because of this war for Democracy six million Jewsh men and women are starving across the seas; eight hundred thousand Jewish babies are crying for bread.
(Continued from page 582)
In the name of Abraham Krotoshinsky who saved the “Lost Battalion,” in the name of the one hundred and ninety-nine thousand and nine hundred and ninety-nine other Jewish boys who fought for Democracy beneath the Stars and Stripes won’t you give copper, or silver, or gold, to keep life in the heart of these men and these women; to keep blood in the bodies of these babies?
 The Jew Has Helped Everybody But The Jew.
In the world war the Jew has helped everybody but the Jew. “Over there” he helped in camp, in council and in conflict. “Over here” he helped the Red Cross, the Y.M.C.A., the Knights of Columbus, the Masons, the Salvation Army and everybody else. So now is the time for everybody to help the Jew, and God knows now is the time he needs it.
From out of the gloom of this war every other race, save one or two, has snatched a ray of sunshine. But amid the encircling gloom there is no light for the Jew “to lead thou me on.” The war is over for everyone, but the Jew. The knife is still at his throat and an unreasoning and unreasonable century-old lust for Jewish blood opens his veins. The Jew in Roumania, Poland and Ukrainia is being made the scapegoat of the war. Since the armistice has been signed thousands of Jews in Ukrainia has been offered up as living sacrifices to diabolical greed and fanatical passion — their throats cut, their bodies rended limb from limb by assassin bands and rabid soldiery. In the city of Proskunoff one day a few weeks ago the dawn saw the door of every house wherein lived a Jew marked as a shambles for slaughter. For four days, from sunrise to sunset, fanatics plied the dagger like demons from hell, stopping only to teat with hands adrip with the blood of Jewish victims. They killed the men; they were less merciful to women. These they violated, and then they killed. From a purpose to a fury, from a fury to a habit ran this killing of the Jews, until within four days the streets of Proskunoff ran red with blood like gutters of a slaughter house, until its homes became a morgue for thousands of slaughtered human deings whose gaping wounds cried out for vengeance and whose eyes had turned to stone at the horrors they had seen. As Hon. Simon W. Rosendale, aptly paraphrasing Bobby Burns’ thought, in his speech not long ago, said it is the age-old story of “man’s inhumanity to man that makes countless thousands mourn.” For as it has been at Proskunoff, so has it been in a hundred other places. The bloody tale hath repetition ad nauseum. It is the same tear-stained story — the same old stain upon the escutcheon of humanity. Verily, Byron was right when he wrote:
Tribes of the wandering feet and weary breast
Whither shall ye flee to be at rest?
The wild dove hath her nest, the fox his cave,
Mankind their countries, Israel but the grave.
But Israel is entitled to a place in the sun, and the crucifixion of Jews must stop. We repeat the war is over for everybody, but the Jew. Like Isaac the knife is at his throat, but unlike Isaac no power seems able to stop the steel from thirsting for his blood. But some power the world must raise up to prevent this decimation of a deserving race. For the peace of the world a League of Nations let us have by all means; but for the Humanity of the World, to give justice to the Jew and other oppressed peoples on earth, let us have a Truce of God! — Albany Times Union.

An enlarged photocopy of this material is available here.
Comment
Of course, the above document does not mean that the Holocaust never took place. Arch historical revisionist David Irving himself admits that there were “death camps”. What is at issue here is the exact numbers involved, how they died and who actually benefitted from and promoted the “Holocaust”. Was it in fact the Zionists who used the “Holocaust” to pave the way for the foundation of Israel?
To answer this question, note the opening sentence of the final paragraph: “But Israel is entitled to a place in the sun, and the crucifixion of Jews must stop”. This was first published nearly thirty years before the founding of modern Israel yet it anticipates it and opens many more questions that need to be answered. Ed.
Also see:
The Original Six Million
 
The Advent of the Anti-Christ IIAugust 6, 2010
The ancient Zoroastrians and Christian esoteric researcher and teacher Rudolf Steiner referred to him as Ahriman. Mainstream Christians call him Satan or the “anti-Christ” while Muslims know him as Dajjal.
Whatever you call him though his appearance has long been prophecied. Later in this article I will explain why these predictions may soon be fulfilled but first a little esoteric background. 
At the beginning of the last century, Steiner taught that Ahriman would appear in North America around now.
It is crucial however not to mistake Ahriman for Lucifer. Despite efforts to confuse the two by their agents in this world, these are two different entities with distinct modes of operation.
Moreover, Ahriman’s emergence should not be seen in isolation. His incarnation in human form is one of a series that are crucial to humanity’s spiritual evolution.
According to Steiner Lucifer appeared first, in central China nearly 4,000 years ago. While 2,000 years later Christ was born in a pivitol incarnation in the Middle East
Now, another 2,000 years have passed and moving further West, Ahriman has incarnated in North America. Both Ahriman and Lucifer exemplfy attributes that exist in all of us but without the redeeming qualities embodied by Christ they can destroy our spiritual potential. 
This is why it is important to learn to discern between Ahriman and Lucifer: not least because one should “know thy enemy”. So that by utilising the qualities exemplified by Christ we can neutralise their negativity.
It’s also no coincidence that Christ appeared between the two both geographically and historically. Symbolically at least, he balances the two.
As words dervide from his name imply, Lucifer is the bearer of false spiritual illumination. He deceives with illusion, luring man from real spirituality with delusions and his influence can be seen in much of today’s “new age” movement. 
Ahriman on the other hand wants to trap man entirely in the physical realm. So while Lucifer strives to lure men from genuine spirituality with counterfeit replicas, Ahriman wants to imprison man in the physical world. 
As will become apparent, in his current incarnation Ahriman is ideally placed to do just that. 
As the term suggests, “scientific materialism” confines itself to things that can be calculated in terms of substance. So if it can’t be measured or weighed or quantified in some way then it doesn’t exist, physically, and for some in the scientific community that’s literally all that matters. 
However, esoteric Christians, Muslims and ancient Zoroastrians weren’t the only ones to speak of Ahriman’s coming. Some of his human underlings, his dark prophets as it were, have also prepared for his incarnation.
One such was the infamous Albert Pike who as far back as 1871 wrote of his coming.
Albert Pike’s letter to Giusseppe Mazzini is one of the most momentous missives ever written. Although Freemasons have tried to label the letter a fraud, alleging it to be the creation of one Leo Taxil, it is nonetheless grimly prophetic.
Taxil died in 1907 – years before any of the events outlined in the letter took place. So whoever wrote the letter still accurately predicted most of the major events of the 20th century.
Moreover, it makes some predictions that have yet to be fulfilled, although their potential is becoming ominously apparent.
Regular visitors to this website are probably familiar with the letter but I will briefly outline some of its contents. The world will be racked by three world wars, the writer imparts, the first of which will see the overthrow of Russia’s ruling dynasty with the country being transformed into a “fortress of atheistic Communism”.
The Second World War would end with the establishment of “a sovereign state of Israel in Palestine.” While the third world war will start with a clash between Zionism and the Muslim world that will ultimately lead to a global conflict.
However, the ensuing slaughter would merely be a prelude to the sovereign enthronement in this world of a diabolical entity. Although whoever wrote the letter to Giusseppe Mazzini refers to this entity as “Lucifer” this is probably a ruse. We take it to be Ahriman/Satan.
All of which serves as an introduction because this writer and a trusted psychic friend think we’ve spotted him. The long awaited “anti-Christ” or Satan/Ahriman incarnate has been identified.
I’m not going to name him but will offer some pointers and leave it to readers to see if they can identify him.
He started out in the field of science and high technology and while still relatively young moved into the realm of high finance and banking. A seemingly abrupt transition but he nonetheless remained in his element because scientific materialism, high technology, high finance and banking are all spheres where Ahriman’s influence prevails.
He was also briefly in the public arena fairly recently – the object being to establish him as a figure of authority, if only subliminally – before he returned to the relative anonymity of commercial banking and finance.
Nonetheless, this writer believes that he will return to the public arena by the end of 2012. The cue for his return being a clash between Iran and the West – exactly what the letter to Mazinni referred to with its mention of a war between Zionism and the Muslim world – which can be seen ominously taking shape in the mounting tension between Israel and Iran.
Once ignited it will rapidly escalate into a global conflagration. Whereupon Ahriman incarnate will be recalled to the public arena, possibly to oversee and coordinate the Western war effort. From there he will come into his own with all his servitors in banking, high finance, the corporate media and government in attendance.
I’m going to conclude with extracts from a lecture given by Rudolf Steiner in Zurich on October 27, 1919:
“Ahriman skilfully prepares his goals beforehand; ever since the Reformation and the Renaissance, the economist has been emerging in modern civilisation as the representative governing type…. Rulers are in fact merely the henchmen and enforcers of the economists. One must not imagine that the rulers of modern times are anything but the economists’ agents. And all that is enshrined as law and justice is, if one scrutinizes it carefully, simply a consequence of a thinking dictated by economists….
From the Incarnation of Ahriman: Seven Lectures by Rudolf Steiner published by Rudolf Steiner press
“….because this dominion of the mere ‘token for material goods’ (i.e. money) has arisen, Ahriman has been given another essential means of deceiving mankind. If people do not realize that the legislative state that safeguards human rights and organism of spirit must balance and redress the economic order established by economists and bankers, then again, through this lack of awareness, Ahriman will find an important instrument for preparing his incarnation. His incarnation is undoubtedly coming, and this lack of insight will smooth the way for his triumphant advance.”
Note that the Bank of England – the mother of all central banks and the template for the U.S. Federal Reserve – was established in 1694 in the wake of the Reformation and Renaissance. Ever since then the power of moneylenders like the Rothschilds has grown, to the point where they now effectively control governments and politicians, just as Steiner pointed out nearly a century ago.
Also see:
The Advent of the Anti-Christ
The Advent of the Anti-ChristAugust 2, 2010
It’s an old story: one that has been repeated many times but the greater part of humanity still hasn’t learned. But the lesson is a simple one and until we learn it we will carry on repeating the same old mistakes.
For the Illuminati have a history of creating problems, or allowing them to develop to the stage where people demand, “something must be done”! At which point the Illuminati then step forward with an answer. A solution that formerly might have been unacceptable had it not been needed for a problem requiring remedy so urgently. 
It’s the old Problem-reaction-solution ruse that has been used throughout history.
It was used as far back as ancient Rome, when Crassus used a slave’s revolt to do away with the old republic and its attendant freedoms. 
Through the threat of rebellious slaves marching on Rome, Crassus persuaded the Romans into trading their old republic for imperial rule and that’s where a good idea went wrong. 
For although Crassus never became emperor, in time some emperors became tyrants, as opposed to individuals who were temporarily appointed with dictatorial powers to deal with a crisis: as was originally intended.
Nonetheless nearly two thousand years later, President Roosevelt played a similar trick when he lured the Japanese into attacking the U.S. fleet at Pearl Harbour. As Michael Rivero and James Perloff have pointed out, U.S. naval intelligence was fully aware that the Japanese navy were steaming toward Pearl Harbour but failed to inform the U.S. fleet anchored there.
On November 29th the then U.S. Secretary of State Hull even showed a United Press reporter an intercepted message with the time and place of the attack – that’s more than a week before the Japanese actually struck on Sunday December 7, 1941!
Once the Japanese attacked however, President Roosevelt had the pretext he needed to enter WWII with the Allies.
Still this old trick needn’t be confined to military matters. It can be used in the realm of economics, high finance and politics too. The essential ingredients are public gullibility and complacency enhanced nowadays by a compliant and obliging media.
Armed with such elements anything is possible.
All of which brings us to the current global market meltdown.
Some have expressed doubts about the current economic crisis and a few readers have even voiced suspicions that the credit crunch has been staged but to whose benefit?
That is the question to ask whenever one is confronted by what maybe a conspiracy. Who will benefit and exactly how and in what way will they profit?
After all the payback may not necessarily be financial, although whoever fixes the problem will be hailed as a saviour delivering the world from an economic catastrophe.
Regardless of one’s faith however, its appropriate here to recall what various religions taught would feature around now. 
Christians speak of the “End Times” and the appearance of false prophets and the anti-Christ. While Islam teaches that a similar figure will appear: the “ad-Dajjâl” or deceiver was predicted to lure men into his thrall with a combination of guile and diabolical cunning.
While Christian esoteric researcher and teacher Rudolph Steiner taught that a figure known to the ancient Zoroastrians as the epitome of evil would incarnate toward the end of the 20th century.
Referred to as Ahriman, Steiner taught that he would likely appear in North America and that others would incarnate before him to assist his passage to prominence. 
Spiritually developed men undermine Ahriman’s power and thus he seeks to entrap mankind in a purely physical realm. Impeding man’s spiritual evolution with greed as embodied in the “consumer society”, or more subtle intellectual enticements as may be found in the confines of scientific materialism. 
While the ancient Zoroastrians knew him as Ahriman, Steiner said he would probably be more readily recognised today as Satan. They are in fact one and the same and it should be noted, quite distinct from Lucifer, an entirely different entity.
Like Muslim scholars, Steiner taught that Ahriman/ad-Dajjâl/the anti-Christ would incarnate as a man and appear all too human. His incarnation would be in counterpoint to Christ’s and while some lessons are harder than others, he would deliver a very hard lesson to humanity.
Speaking in terms that modern men might better grasp, Rudolph Steiner (1862-1925) taught that although apparently human, Ahriman/ad-Dajjâl/the anti-Christ would display a cold penetrating logic and likely excel at economics or science.
We may even conclude that in the modern world he might be found somewhere in computers or banking or even space exploration. Either way he will stand out in his field. 
Which is where the current economic crisis presents the perfect opportunity for him to step onto the world stage and be greeted, initially at least, as a saviour. 
One might even say that the current economic crisis was a set-up; staged like a theatre piece for this character to appear as a redeemer, rescuing the world from impending market meltdown. 
From this elevated point and buoyed by public acclaim after contending with the global economic crisis, he would only be few steps away from taking command in a looming confrontation with Iran.
From which point all hell will break loose and this apparent “saviour” will be seen in his true element. Taking command in a global conflagration in which hundreds of millions, maybe even billions of lives will be consumed.
Those potential billions would be little more than innocent victims in his quest for dominion: sacrificial offerings in a real holocaust that would consume Jews, Christians and Muslims alike. 
Stay tuned because this scenario may be about to unfold before our very eyes. In fact there is every indication that events will begin moving within the foreseeable future.
Also see: The Advent of the Anti-Christ II
Dov Zakheim 9/11 Mastermind VideoMay 15, 2010

Dov Zakheim and the 9/11 ConspiracyApril 23, 2010
In a document called “Rebuilding America’s Defenses: Strategy, Forces and Resources for a New Century” published by The American Enterprise’s “Project for a New American Century”(1), System Planning Corporation (SPC) International executive, Dov Zakheim, called for “some catastrophic and catalyzing event – like a new Pearl Harbor” being necessary to foster the frame of mind needed for the American public to support a war in the Middle East that would politically and culturally reshape the region. A respected and established voice in the intelligence community, his views were eagerly accepted, and Dov went from his position at Systems Planning Corporation to become the Comptroller of the Pentagon in May 2001. (2) Perhaps not so coincidentally, it was an SPC subsidiary, TRIDATA CORPORATION, that oversaw the investigation after the terrorist attack on the World Trade Center in 1993.
SPC, according to their official website, specializes in many areas of defense technology production and manufacture, including a system developed by their Radar Physics Group called the Flight Termination System, or FTS.(3) This is a system used to destroy target drones (craft that would be fired on by test aircraft or weaponry) in the event of malfunction or “misses”. This highly sophisticated war-game technology allows the control of several ‘drones’ from a remote location, on varying frequencies, and has a range of several hundred miles. This technology can be used on many different types of aircraft, including large passenger jets.
According to the SPC website (4), a recent customer at that time was Eglin AFB, located in Florida. Eglin is very near another Air Force base in Florida-MacDill AFB, where Dov Zakheim contracted to send at least 32 Boeing 767 aircraft, as part of the Boeing /Pentagon tanker lease agreement.(5)
As the events of September 11, 2001 occurred, little was mentioned about these strange connections, and the possible motives and proximity of Dov Zakheim and his group. Since there was little physical evidence remaining after the events, investigators were left only with photographic and anecdotal evidence.

This is a photograph of the Flight Termination System module, from their site.(5). Note it has a cylindrical shape, and is consistent with the size and shape of the object observed under the fuselage of flight 175.

The Boeing lease deal involved the replacement of the aging KC-135 tanker fleet with these smaller, more efficient Boeing 767s that were to be leased by Dov Zakheim’s group. The planes were to be refitted with refueling equipment, including lines and nozzle assemblies.

In this enlargement of flight 175, we can clearly see a cylindrical object under the fuselage, and a structure that appears to be attached to the right underside of the rear fuselage section.
When seen in comparison, it is obvious that the plane approaching the Trade Center has both of these structures-the FTS module and the midair refueling equipment, as configured on the modified Boeing 767 tankers. Of particular interest is the long tube-like anomalous structure under the rear fuselage area of flight 175-this structure runs along the right rear bottom of the plane, as it also does on the Boeing 767 refueling tanker pictured.
After considering this information, I am convinced that flight 175, as pictured on the news media and official reports, was in fact a refitted Boeing 767 tanker, with a Flight Termination System attached. Use of this system would also explain the expert handling of aircraft observed in both New York and Washington investigations, which has been officially credited to inexperienced flight school students.

Since the refitted 767s were able to carry both passengers and a fuel load, as shown in this photo, it is likely that the plane designated Flight 175 was in fact a refitted 767 tanker, disguised as a conventional civilian passenger plane.

As shown in this photo of a 767 being serviced, the FTS unit, when in position, would be small and unobtrusive enough to be fairly innocuous (at least to casual observers, such as passengers). The smallest circle indicates the size and position of the anomaly depicted in the photos of Flight 175. The larger circle, which is the size of the engine housing, shows the size of the anomaly in relation to the engine. Note the size and position of the open hatches on the engine housing, which would tend to discredit the widely held theory that the anomaly is an open hatch or cargo door.

As the above diagram shows, all flights involved in the events traveled very near many military installations, and appear to have traveled in a manner suggesting guidance and possible transfer of the control of the planes among the bases.
Since the evidence from the World Trade Center site was quickly removed, there is little concrete evidence of the involvement of Dov Zakheim, who has since left his position at the Pentagon. However, the proximity of Eglin AFB to MacDill AFB in Florida and Dov Zakheim’s work via SPC contracts and the Pentagon leasing agreement on both of these installations, combined with SPC’s access to World Trade Center structural and security information from their Tridata investigation in 1993, is highly suspicious. Considering his access to Boeing 767 tankers, remote control flight systems, and his published views in the PNAC document, it seems very likely he is in fact a key figure in the alleged terrorist attacks in New York City on September 11, 2001.
Send comments to: Shadow@conspiracynewsnet.com
1. http://www.newamericancentury.org/RebuildingAmericasDefenses.pdf
2. http://www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/20010212-2.html
3. http://www.sysplan.com/Radar
4. http://www.sysplan.comRadar/Downloads/FTS.pdf
5. http://www.afa.org/magazine/aug2003/0803world.asp#anchor5
EDITORIAL RESPONSE TO READERS’ COMMENTS:
In response to some of our readers who have questioned our premise that it was Rabbi Dov Zakheim who ‘called for’ the Pearl Harbor type of incident, we here at Conspiracy News Net acknowledge that the PNAC document was written by the likes of William Kristol and Donald Kagan, and therefore as the real brains behind the agenda they are the ones calling for it in a literal sense. However, we do stand by our assertion that the Rabbi called for it as well, insofar that he signed his name onto this document. If he signed it he agrees with it and therefore he is calling for it.
Some of you have argued that we are singling out Rabbi Zakheim because he is Jewish, implying that we are pushing some sort of twisted anti-semetic agenda while noting that he is not the only one who signed the PNAC document and therefore wondering why our article is about him and not the others. We do not mean to imply that the Rabbi acted alone, our article simply points out that Rabbi Zakheim had access to things like structural integrity, blueprints and any number of important facets of information about the WTC through his work with TRIDATA CORPORATION in the investgation of the bombing of the WTC in 1993. That he had access to REMOTE CONTROL Technology through his work at System Planning Corporation (SPC). That he had access to BOEING AIRCRAFT through a lease deal HE BROKERED while working at the Pentagon. And finally that he was part of a group of politically radical Straussian Neo-Conservatives, who, through their association with PNAC, called for restructuring of the Middle East, noting that a Pearl Harbor type of event MAY BE NEEDED to foster the frame of mind required for the American public to accept such a radical foreign policy agenda. In light of all this information we here at Conspiracy News Net stand by our statement that Mr. Zakheim not only called for the slamming of the WTC Towers on 9-11, but he activily took part in their demolition by providing the logistics necessary for such an attack to occur.
http://www.conspiracynewsnet.com/shadow.html
Also see:
The Mastermind Behind 911?

Talmudic Rabbi’s Hidden Role

Electronically Hijacking the WTC Attack Aircraft

More on the good Rabbi Dov Zakheim
The Anglo-Saxon Mission Part IMarch 1, 2010
Interview transcript – Project Camelot January 2010
BILL RYAN (B): I want to thank you for coming forward with what was immediately clear to me, once I’d read your written debrief, that you have some highly significant information that needs to be shared. And it’s our job at Project Camelot to assist you in reaching people who are aware enough to understand what you’re saying, why it’s important, and to put it in perspective with other information that they may have.
And to introduce all of this, I wonder if you could say what it is that you’re prepared to say on record about your background, about your history… just in general what you think is okay to share about how it is that you’ve actually been positioned to get a hold of the information that you’re going to be reporting.
WITNESS (W): Okay. Well, the information I’ve shared with you already, I feel, it’s not Earth-shattering. I feel it’s something that a lot of people will already have grasped with the amount of information that is getting put out on the internet already.
If there’s any uniqueness within the information that I’m providing to you, that I feel should be shared, is that it’s first-hand information and it’s given to you freely for those who wish to use it and to inform themselves. I think that that’s my initial position on this.
For my part, I’ve spent a long time in the military and then held a senior position in the City of London, and within both institutions I became very intimate with events that were being manufactured secretly, covertly, on behalf of a group of people – I can’t say it’s on behalf of a nation or a community because it’s certainly none of that – but it’s certainly something is to do with a group of people whose interests lie within themselves and what they’re doing to coerce a series of events to happen.
Looking back with hindsight now, I can see quite clearly they’re being most successful in doing what they’re doing. And I feel, because of what I know, that time is running out for these people.
So the timeline that I’m going to describe is somehow … and that’s an apt title, really, because a timeline starts somewhere and it ends somewhere and these people are very well aware of it.
We’re coming up to a critical time now, which everybody’s discussing at the moment. I’m very well aware of that. But the information I’ve brought may put some flesh on the bones for other people to consider themselves.
And as for the veracity of it, I can only tell you that what I’m going to tell you is truthful, albeit lots of people may think it’s a perception. I’m quite happy with that, too. But it’s been my experience, and it’s that experience that I’m going to share.
B: Yes. What would be great is if you can differentiate between information which came at you first-hand when you were physically in meetings with some of these people, and other information that you’ve got that was through more subjective means, which you may feel very confident in. It’s important to separate out the provenance of the information. But for you, of course, and for many other people who will be reading this, it actually forms a coherent picture. Right?
W: Yes. I think that’s important. I think anything like this has to be coherent. And of course there is a subjective element to it; I mean, I can’t deny that. But, you know, all of it could be looked at as being subjective, but it’s also from a witness point of view. Hopefully, how I’m going to describe it, people will be able to see through any subjective feelings I’ve got about it and get to the core of what’s going on.
B: Right. Now, if you could just add a little bit of detail about the group that you referred to. Does this group have any kind of name that they’re calling themselves? Is this a group that other people reading this would recognize when cross-referencing information?
W: I’ve had difficulty myself in trying to describe these people. I’ve called them like a “Band of Brothers.” I’ve also called them an “over-government”. There’s also other names I could call them, some of them derogatory, and that would be deserved. [laughs] But I think the best way, the most sensible way to describe these people so that people can understand what they’re like, is they’re like an over-government, because that’s what they’re doing.
B: Are you talking about British people here, or international people?
W: The meeting that I will refer to later, it was all British, and some of them are very well known characters who people in the United Kingdom will recognize immediately. Those who are international who might read this might have to do bit of research on them. But they are national figures, some of them.
B: Are they political figures? Or are they figures in the “noble classes”, so to speak?
W: Yes, there is a bit of aristocracy there, and some of them come from quite aristocratic backgrounds. There’s one who I identified at that meeting who is a senior politician. Two others were senior figures from the police, and one from the military. Both are known nationally and both are key figures in advising the present government — at this present time.
B: And inasmuch as there’s a political component to this, does this political component go across both parties?
W: No, this senior political component belongs to the right-wing party in Britain, the Conservative Party.
B: Okay. For the benefit of American readers, that would be the equivalent of the Republicans.
W: Yes.
B: All right. So, it’s an insider group that functions in Britain as many American readers of this transcript would recognize by analogy — it’s like the American secret government. You’re talking about politicians behind the scenes who are still very influential, links with the police, links with the military. Are there also American military links in there?
W: Yes.
B: Okay.
W: One significant military figure, now retired, but active in advising government.
B: Okay. Are you aware of or did you hear any discussion of any participation by church authorities or the Vatican or any of the religions of the world? Was this mentioned as part of their strategic planning for all of this?
W: No. Not at all, but I know the Church of England, especially, is complicit in everything that’s going on, totally complicit.
B: Okay. And you know this because of the close relationship between senior figures in the Church of England and the group that you met with in the City of London?
W: Absolutely. You don’t need a forensic expert to find that one out. That’s quite open.
B: Okay. Is this all fundamentally Masonic?
W: Absolutely. There’s no question about that. Everybody is vetted through that process, through the Masonic process, and then they get to meet one another.
That’s something that people need to understand. There are levels in Masonry. You know, most Masons don’t really know anything at all, and they’re out there doing good work for the most part and they get the benefit of a kind of “club,” as it were. But that goes through various levels. Some people call it by “degrees” or whatever. But it’s a Who’s Who. That is — who can be trusted, who can be brought together, who’s holding power, who’s likely to develop more power.
And these people attract one another and they get together because they all have a single cause. But it’s not exactly like a Masonic cause, you know. It’s something that can be likened to it, but not the same as it.
B: Could you explain that a little more clearly?
W: Well, I think the best way to explain this is: Masonry, is to my knowledge, is just a vehicle for these people. It allows them to come together quietly, in secret, behind closed doors, get to know one another, feel safe and secure knowing confidently that what’s said in these meetings go no further than those meetings. So it’s got that Masonic element to it, but this goes to an entirely different level altogether.
Now, the meeting that I’m talking about, I don’t even consider these people to be a significant level – significant enough for me at the time – but they were discussing things that were already agreed upon and planned and dictated. They were really getting together to share information, to find out how well it was going and what was needed to keep it on track.
B: So things had already been decided at an even higher level than this. Is that what you’re saying?
W: That was very clear. From what I heard, they weren’t a decision-making group. They were like an action group. They were people who needed to come together now and then to discuss together what needs to be done, or what is getting done, and what should be getting done. And then they disperse and go back and do what they need to do, as a result of these meetings.
B: Okay. And you attended one meeting?
W: Only one.
B: And in what capacity did you attend this meeting?
W: By sheer accident! I thought it was a normal three-monthly meeting because I looked at the e-mail list, which had familiar names on it, and I was on it. But by that time, because of the senior position I held within the City, I just thought it was quite normal for me to be earmarked for this kind of meeting.
So when I went to the meeting, it wasn’t the same venue as before. It was a livery company venue, which is quite unusual, but not too unusual to wonder why. I went to this meeting and it was not the meeting that I was expecting. I believe I was invited… it was because of the position I held and because they believed that, like themselves, I was one of them.
B: So you were included because they already knew you. You were regarded as a safe pair of hands.
W: Absolutely. Yes. I was a safe pair of hands. I was a do-er. I was one of the people who, at my level within the organization, got things done.
B: Okay.
W: And I was regarded as that. Lots had known me for some time, even the most senior figures within them. I mean, it was first-name terms, that sort of thing. And I’d also been regularly invited to various functions, social functions, and things like that where I became familiar with some of them and some of them became very familiar with me.
So it was easy-going, quite professional, nothing out of the ordinary, although bells started to ring about what they were up to and what they were doing and the kind of decisions that they were making, which by and large, I ignored. It seems unusual, but there was a part of me that wanted to ignore what was going on.
B: Are you saying that in this particular meeting we’re talking about, the people who attended the meeting were familiar to you, largely, and you’d attended other meetings with them before; but this was a meeting with a difference because it was in a different location and with a different agenda, although the delegates to the meeting were basically the same group? Is that what you’re saying?
W: No, not exactly. I knew most of the attendees at the meeting, but not all. There were about 25 or 30 people were at the meeting. And it was looked rather informal, you know, people getting to know one another, re-acquainting themselves as people do. There was nothing unusual about that. It was when the subjects started to come up that my astonishment started to rise at what was being said.
B: Was it like a formal chaired meeting around a table, with notes and water glasses, and all of that kind of stuff?
W: None of the sort. There were no notes taken – nothing. It was really a behind-closed-doors meeting with people talking over one another, some people holding the audience, spelling out what their concerns were, catapulting onto other things that they thought were of concern to them.
And then describing, which I can only say is the “timeline of events” that they had anticipated to be happening, to be on course, and lots of concerns because it wasn’t. And what was meant to happen on the timeline that hadn’t happened, and what actions were going to be taken for it to happen.
And this is where things started to get quite surreal – because I’d never been in the company of people like this, talking like that.
Now, the group of people who I was most familiar with, the people who do the work within the City, they belong to various well known financial committees; some of them quite diverse committees, but they all belong to the same organization. These are people who go unseen; most people don’t know who they are. I know them. I know them by sight, know them by name. I know them by what they do.
It was the other people who were there at the time that surprised me. Three others in particular. There were more people there who were at their type of level as well who I couldn’t really identify, but three of significance, certainly.
B: Okay, now when was this meeting? Let’s put a date on it.
W: Okay. We’re talking 2005. It was after the May general election — that’s when Blair was voted back in again. That meeting definitely took place some time in June of that year.
B: It is okay to put on record that it was in June?
W: June 2005 is fine. Yes.
B: All right. Now I wonder then if you could spell out what it was that was discussed at that meeting.
W: Well, as I mentioned, I was quite surprised to see the amount of people who were there. The meeting ranged from several discussions covering several items or things that were happening at the world in the time, so there was quite a big discussion about security within the country. And one of those three key persons there has now assumed the role over this… is actually doing it now. He’s there now. He’s in that position right now.
The big thing at the time was Iraq . That was on their agenda, but also, surprisingly, there was lots of conversation and talk about Iran. And what surprised me and really raised my eyebrows, was mention, open mention – this was people talking comfortably to one another, not arguing or shouting – but talking comfortably about the Israeli reluctance to strike and provoke Iran into armed action. That was something that really raised the hairs on the back of my neck.
And it seemed as if the Israeli government was tied onto what was going on here and had a role to play which was being dictated outside Israeli borders. A year later, Israel attacked Iranian-backed Hezbollah bases in Lebanon.
And then the second thing that came out that I recall quite clearly was mention of Japanese reluctance to create havoc within the Chinese financial sectors.
I really couldn’t understand why they were talking about that and why that had any importance. What I picked up from this seemed to be the Japanese government, or those in Japan, being coerced or ordered into doing something that would wreck or slow down the Chinese rise to financial power.
It was mentioned that China was growing too quickly and the main beneficiary of that growth was the Chinese military, which was getting modernized, mostly through the money that they were getting from the world market.
And then things… and this is where I can’t help but be subjective, Bill. Because at the time I recall I started to feel quite sick about what was being spoken about, and very anxious about what being said.
I was on the periphery of this meeting and I could feel the anxiety just rise up inside me because this was stuff that was getting spoken about off the cuff. It wasn’t getting announced to anybody. This was things that they already knew about.
So then there was open talk about the use of biological weapons, where and when they would be used, and the timing. And timing always appears to be crucial.
And then there was more talk centered on how Iran must be engaged militarily in order to provoke the desired military response from China.
There was a clear expectation of goading Iran into some sort of armed conflict with the West, with China coming to the aid of Iran. Through this goading, either China or Iran would use a tactical nuclear weapon of some sort.
And, as I mentioned, these people weren’t making decisions. They were discussing something that already been planned, so they were simply sharing their information between themselves. And it became clear as these discussions went on that the central issue of this meeting was when the balloon would go up – when all this would happen.
Other talk centered on dealing with finances, resources, protection of assets, and a control of these resources and bringing in outlying assets. And I can go through this chain of events with you now, Bill, if you like.
B: I’d be really happy to go into as much detail as you feel you can.
W: Okay. Now, as I previously mentioned, they needed either the Chinese or the Iranians to be guilty of the first use of nuclear weapons in order to justify the next stage.
Now, I’ve already added, and this is anecdotal, so it can’t be confirmed. But my information coming through in this meeting, and from elsewhere, positively indicates that the Iranians do indeed have a tactical nuclear capability right now. They’re not developing it. They’ve got it.
B: Some say they might have got it from the Russians, maybe. Do you have any idea about that?
W: I believe it’s from the Chinese.
B: From the Chinese… okay.
W: It’s because the Chinese technology has been, for many years, used in their missile systems. They’re getting missile technology also from the Russians as well, but this is mostly ground-to-air missile systems, that sort of thing – defensive weapons. Tactical missile weaponry – that technology is coming via China.
B: Do you have some expertise in this subject from your own military background?
W: Yes, I do.
B: Okay, so this means that in this meeting where you were hearing this information, you were able to hear this wearing your military hat, with your military experience, and understand strategically and tactically what it was they were talking about and why.
W: Oh, absolutely. I could have even stepped in and corrected their terminology because I believe they were getting it wrong, but they were just describing it the best way they could.
B: Right.
W: So yes, I do have quite a deep knowledge of those types of weapons, and weapons systems in general.
B: Weapons systems in general; sure. Okay, back to where we were, that was a little footnote that you put in there, saying that you felt, anecdotally, but you’re also confident in that opinion, that Iran did actually have a current nuclear capability.
W: Yes, if I can put this in here, Bill, before this escapes me… it’s anecdotal in the sense that the discussion didn’t mention that Iran didn’t have them. The discussion leant toward the Iranians having that type of weapon and not having them. I think the distinction would have been made there — if they didn’t have them. It wasn’t mentioned that they DIDN’T have them. It leant towards them having such weapons already.
B: I understand. Now, I don’t want to get you off track, but there’s the potential analogy with the Iraqi situation, where Western governments and military, whether they really knew the truth or not, were certainly telling the public that the Iraqi military capability was far greater than it really was. Is it possible that there was some delusion here with respect to Iran’s capability? Or do you think they really did know what the Iranians have and could do?
W: Making a comparison with Iraq is a natural thing to do. However, in this context, I think it could mislead.
The backing that Iraq got during the Iran-Iraq War was mostly Western. And of course “Western” we must include Israel, so the likelihood of Iraq getting a nuclear weapon that they haven’t produced themselves, but getting it imported to them, would be extremely low.
Now, the other side of the coin is Iran. Now, Iran is being continuously backed by China and then later by the Russians; and also by other countries too. The military market is quite an open one and in that we can even include the French who quite independently export their weapons out wherever they can.
B: Yes.
W: Even in defiance of conventions in place about the sale of weapons abroad. But this goes a bit beyond that. We’re talking about a country that’s being used quite well by another country throughout the revolutionary period – where they have been seen as an enemy of all the Western states, and also the Gulf states as well.
B: You mean, you’re referring to Iran being used by China?
W: China. Yes. They’re both using each other, of course. China’s economy is skyrocketing. I don’t know if it’s reached its plateau now or not, and I’m not talking about that. But the amount of weaponry and the level of technical expertise that Iran is receiving from the Chinese military – it seems inconceivable that nuclear weapons haven’t been included within any package that goes there; whether that comes under the direct control of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards or jointly by the Iranians and the Chinese. One can’t be sure.
But I go back to what I said before, that at that meeting, the assumption was — and it was quite clear — that the Iranians HAD such weapons in their possession because it wasn’t mentioned to the contrary.
B: Understood. And what you’re going to go on to talk about is how this cooperation between Iran and China was going to be used as a way to get at China – because China’s the main target. Is this correct?
W: That’s correct. China has been the main target since at least the mid 70s — and again, this information it’s through third parties so I can’t give you any direct first-hand evidence of this – but it’s always been China. It’s was always China that is to be the big one in this timeline.
B: Mm hm.
W: It’s China that they’re after right now, and it’s all about how to coerce and create the scenario where this type of – well, it’s going to be war, Bill; there’s going to be a war – how this can be realized and how it can be made credible to everybody here living in the West?
And the way it’s going to be made credible is by a state like Iran being used as a patsy to use a nuclear weapon in order to elicit an exchange.
B: And the whole justification of this, then, is to provide or to trick China into a war, with what reason?
W: China will then come to the aid of Iran, very quickly. And what we’re talking about is these “Roads to Jerusalem,” as it were. And it should be no surprise that the Chinese have got their own “Road to Jerusalem,” so to speak, because that’s where the oil is – their lifeline – and that’s where their power could be extended far more than where it is at the moment.
B: I didn’t understand what you meant there by Jerusalem. Was that a metaphor, talking about Iran?
W: Yes. It was my metaphor. Although I haven’t mentioned it to you previously, you know, they talk about “the road to Jerusalem,” as it were. People like Benjamin Netanyahu use it quite a lot. Obama has used it. The Chinese president has actually used it, I believe, too. Hu Jintao, his name is. They’ve actually used this metaphor.
B: I didn’t know that.
W: Yes, they have. It’s where that road lies. Does it lie through Tehran, going one way? Or does it lie through Tehran again, coming the other way?
B: Okay, so you’re using it basically as a metaphor for a desired goal, something that’s reached and attained.
W: That’s right.
B: Okay. So what you’re saying, then, is that there’s a long-term plan which has being decided quite a while ago to set up the situation, to set up the chessboard, the global chessboard, so that there will be a war with China. This is what you’re saying.
W: Yes, in a nutshell. You’ve got it. It’s a whole series of events, and a lot of them have been realized. And again I can only emphasize that time seems to be critical.
B: What has happened, and what is yet to happen, and what is the eventual roll-out plan that they want to happen if everything that they wanted were to occur?
W: Well, the plan is for the fuse to be set off in the Middle East again, in a way that would make the previous conflicts in the Middle East look like playground scraps.
It will involve the use of nuclear weapons and, again, it’s to create an atmosphere of chaos and extreme fear, not just in the West but throughout the world, and to put in place what I’ve mentioned as unified totalitarian Western governments; and to do this China needs to be taken out, politically and socially, for this to happen.
B: So what they’re doing here, they’re killing two birds with one stone. They’re using this as a justification to create what many on the internet have called the One World Government, except that’s not including China. You’re talking about the Western nations in lockdown alliance against this new threat.
W: It’s specifically the Western nations, but I think we’ve also got to include Japan in this too.
B: And how about Russia? Where does Russia stand?
W: I believe Russia is a player, but I’ve got no evidence. For some reason or other Russia really doesn’t get a look in here; and it’s just an assumption of mine that that Russian government that’s in place at the moment is hand-in-hand with the controlling players that are here in the West.
B: Hm. So you’re saying that because in this meeting that you attended, Russia wasn’t mentioned as a major factor.
W: No, none at all. The only way it was mentioned is that the whole idea is to create a condition of chaos throughout the world. It would mean the later use of biological weapons, widespread food shortages, which will affect vulnerable countries across the globe, followed by mass starvation and disease.
The only mention that Russia gets in here is an odd one which I can’t explain and maybe someone else can. I can’t really get my head around this. But within this meeting it was mentioned: “to cause the Chinese military to attack Eastern Russia”. Now, I can’t qualify that and why that was mentioned at the meeting — I just don’t know.
B: Okay. So just to go back to what I mentioned a minute ago, about two birds with one stone. One goal here, then, is to establish a united alliance of Western countries with a kind of totalitarian “emergency war footing”, heavy control aspect to it. And the other aspect is actually to light the fire of this war, which will result in all kinds of chaos and presumably an enormous number of people dying somewhere.
W: Yes.
B: The Chinese population? Or everyone on the planet? Is this part of the population reduction plan? What did they say?
W: Well, there was talk about biological agents being used, described as being flu-like and it would spread like wildfire. Now, they didn’t mention it at this meeting, but I know now that it will attack people genetically, not everybody together. How that would happen… I’m not a geneticist, I really don’t know. One can only assume that it’s linked to DNA in some way.
B: Mm hm.
W: And the differences that are found in DNA. These differences have been identified and the viruses can be made that could kill a person off and do it quite quickly.
B: And so the viruses are genetically targeted is what you’re saying?
W: Yes.
B: Genetically targeted for racial type, or more specific even than that?
W: Racial type. I can be quite definite on that. They’re talking about extinction of a whole part of the human race, doing so genetically.
B: Really? Did they mention that in this meeting, in those terms?
W: Not exactly. Those are my terms. But this is how it was mentioned, and this is my recall of it and how this came out and how I’ve interpreted it.
B: Okay.
W: But that’s what it most definitely alluded to.
B: Are they talking about getting the Chinese out of the way because they’re an inconvenient major group that’s not playing ball with the global plans? Or are they talking about this as an excuse to thin down the entire world’s population, including that in the Western countries?
W: Well, it’s a very good question and as far as I can see, it’s a hypothetical one. Again, I can’t give you an answer to that one. From a personal point of view, it definitely appears to be a thinning of the world’s population and it’s getting it down into a controllable size for this government that’s going to come, in order for them to have the control that they wish for. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have it.
It even sickens me to speak about this now, it really does. It sickens me no end that they would go ahead and do this sort of thing; that such things have actually been spoken about. They’re bringing the population down to what they coldly believe to be a “manageable level”.
B: Can you reference in this meeting that you attended to those levels, or the numbers, or the percentages, or anything tangible that you can remember?
W: Yes. They’re talking about half.
B: Wow. That’s a lot of people.
W: Yes. It is.
B: Okay.
W: That’s bringing it back down by half.
B: So that’s more than the Chinese, then. That answers that question, doesn’t it?
W: Well, in a nuclear exchange – and I believe there will be a limited nuclear exchange – there will be some sort of ceasefire. That was spoken about; they anticipated a quick ceasefire, but not before millions had already died, principally in the Middle East.
So we’re probably talking about Israel here, the population in Israel being sacrificed. Also places like Syria, Lebanon, possibly Iraq, definitely Iran, you know, the towns and major cities, power plants and so forth, that sort of thing. And then a ceasefire before it goes full-out.
B: A cease…? Wow. Sorry, I’m interrupting you, I do apologize. A ceasefire before it goes full-out?
W: Yes, it’s like some sort of game of poker where they already know what hands are going to be dealt. They know what’s going to be dealt. They know that scenario could be brought about and that scenario can be ended again with a ceasefire. So we’ll have the ceasefire, and it’s during this time of the ceasefire that events will start to really take off.
B: Do you know how?
W: Yes. This is when biological weapons will be used.
B: Oh…
W: This will create the conditions where biological weapons can be used. And here you’ve got to imagine a world, now post-nuclear war, or limited nuclear war, in chaos, financial collapse, totalitarian governments coming into place.
B: And a lot of damage to infrastructure.
W: People living in total fear and panic — this is what’s going to happen next. You’ll have a scenario… and this again was talked about, and I can go into some detail about how people will become more controllable with no one coming out in contention about what’s going to happen because their own safety and security has now being placed firmly in the hands of those who are saying they can protect it best.
And in it’s in this ensuing chaos of a post-nuclear exchange that these biological weapons will be deployed in such a fashion where there will be no structure, no safety-nets, for anybody to counter this type of biological onslaught.
And it should be mentioned, for those who are not aware, that biological weapons are just as effective as nuclear ones; it just takes a while longer – that’s all.
B: Yes. Now, the deployment of the biological weapons following the ceasefire, is that something that happens covertly, like all of a sudden people will start getting ill and no one knows where it came from? Or is this an overt weapon deployment that would be very obvious?
W: I don’t think it would be overt, because the Chinese people are going to be hit by the flu! So there’ll be a worldwide flu epidemic, perhaps, with a country like China – or China, because China is mentioned – being the one that’s going suffer most.
B: Okay. Now, if you were a Chinese military commander, what would you do in this situation? Presumably you would retaliate.
W: Yes indeed. The type of retaliation the Chinese armed forces could provide is not the same as those that are held in the West. The type of weapons that the West can deploy very, very quickly far outstrips anything that’s within the technological grasp of the Chinese armed forces at the moment — although they’re getting better as time goes on.
But when I’m talking about China, we’re talking about the Peoples Liberation Army, the Peoples Army, getting together quite quickly, and you’re talking about mass movements of troops somehow into zones where they can engage with their opposite number.
And in this type of exchange that’s going to be nuclear… that’s why I mentioned right at the very beginning… there will be a conventional war to begin with, then it will quickly go to nuclear with either Iran or the Chinese being provoked into first use, is because they won’t be able to be in a position to defend themselves properly against what the West can deliver conventionally without going nuclear first.
B: Okay. So the Chinese are going to be obliged to go into a preemptive strike.
W: Yes, all their options will be taken away from them… the retaliatory options will be taken away from them quite quickly and they wouldn’t have time to recover.
B: Okay, now, what you were describing there was the situation before the ceasefire, when China was going to be provoked into using nuclear weapons.
W: I think it’s best to look at this in stages. So we’re talking about a conventional war of sorts; that war then eliciting the use of a nuclear weapon either by the Chinese or by the Iranians.
B: Okay.
W: Probably more likely by Iran, to stop it going any further. Then we’re talking about an exchange of weapons and then a ceasefire before we have something that’s no longer confined to a geographical area.
B: What does that look like? Is this global? For instance, are you talking nuclear weapons on American territory, in Europe, and so forth?
W: No. Global nuclear war wasn’t mentioned.
B: Okay.
W: It was just purely geographical, Middle East.
B: Okay. So actually some people would refer to this as the Armageddon war, the war that’s been prophesied.
W: Yes. That’s right. For those who are looking down those roads, you know, it certainly highlights a time where this sort of thing is going to occur,. But probably not the way they thought, because I can’t emphasize this too much: people in general are going to be placed into such a state of panic and fear that they’re going to wish for a strong government everywhere.
They won’t call them totalitarian governments; they’ll be military governments with the civil government still there but in a redundant mode. The military will call the shots – the same way as a general does in Afghanistan, or previously in Iraq. The general in command takes over the scene. He makes the calls.
So we have to imagine the same sort of thing within a country where you’ve got a military based civil government, calling the shots, with the so-called elected government almost redundant. The military based government will provide the security for the people who are living in these countries who have yet to be affected by this type of onslaught.
B: Okay. What’s the timing for this series of events, as best you know?
W: As best I know… 18 months. It’s definitely before 2012.
B: Okay.
W: Or around 2012, sometime in that year.
Continues in Part II…
The Anglo-Saxon Mission Part IIMarch 1, 2010
Interview transcript – Project Camelot January 2010
B: Now somebody reading this will ask: Okay, so this is what they were discussing in 2005. How can you know that this plan is still on track, that things haven’t changed radically, that they haven’t abandoned it completely, that there hasn’t been some big U-turn or epiphany here? What makes you so certain that this is still on track?
W: Because of the events that have taken place since 2005. I think that’s probably the most coherent way to look at it. We’ve already had a so-called financial collapse. It wasn’t a collapse at all. It was a centralization of financial power. That’s happened. It’s certainly happened in the United States. It’s most certainly happened in the United Kingdom. It’s most certainly happened in France and in Germany. So all the key players in the Western world centralized their financial assets.
B: Was this talked about in the meeting?
W: Yes! It took up quite a large part of that meeting about how it was going to happen. Bear in mind where the meeting took place – in the City of London. The City is the financial hub of the world, beyond any question.
B: So what you’re saying then is that all of these things have happened according to their roll-out of this plan.
W: That’s right – and all the preparations that need to be in place before this type of conflict takes place, that’s already been put in place too.
B: Such as what? What are you referring to?
W: Well you’re talking about key figures taking over. Let’s take a good example here and this is one that probably most people in the United Kingdom are unaware of, is that the British private security industry employs somewhere in the region of 500,000 people, which is far more than the UK military. The UK military is far smaller than that. The UK military is only a couple of hundred thousand. You’re talking 500,000 people working in private security industry at the moment.
Now prior to 2005, there was no regulation for that. There was no training for them. There was no unification of that force of people. And behind the scenes – and this is something people should be able to be aware of, especially living in the UK – there was the 2001 Private Security Industry Act.
Now, that act meant that anybody working within the private sector had to undergo certain training. They also had to be police-checked. It makes a kind of civilian sense for people who are working in areas of such security responsibility should be police-checked.
These police checks… everything gets found out. It’s not just if you’ve committed a crime or not. Believe me, you can find out far much more about that individual through a police check.
And then there’s training. This training is all about managing conflict: what to do in times of conflict, how to manage it, how to control it. And then they’re taught how to use controlled force. It extends from there.
B: So you’re talking about handling problems of civil unrest and so on. This is all a setup for that.
W: Indeed. You can take the protests that took place after the 2003 invasion of Iraq, here in the United Kingdom and in Western Europe and also in the States, but mostly in Western Europe. It was almost like a mass uprising against the war in Iraq. That won’t be repeated again. It won’t be.
But the people in this industry need to be lawfully empowered in order to do their job because they’ll still be working protecting assets, so they’ll still be doing their job. And at the moment as we speak the Security Industry Association is seeking and receiving more powers on top of the powers that they’ve already been given. They’ve already been licensed to operate legally within the civilian environment. Now they’re getting the additional police powers they need.
It’s not just for those in the British security industry; it’s also those who are called “civilian enforcement officers”: parking attendants, that sort of thing; community police officers; those who are aiding the police in order for them to do their job, they’re getting powers commensurate with the responsibilities that’s required to enable them to do the job effectively. So we’re talking about powers of arrest; powers of detention; we’re talking down those lines. And that’s going to happen.
B: Is this happening in other Western countries as well, do you know?
W: Well, it’s already occurred in other Western countries, places like France and Germany, where you’ve got several police forces working together. You don’t have one police force, as it were, that you could identify and say: Well, they’re the police. They’ve got other agencies and they all carry similar powers.
But those powers within the UK security industry just do not exist at the moment. They already exist in the United States and it’s a United States model that’s principally being used here.
B: Okay. Now, before you got into those details, we were talking about the timeline — and I was asking you about what was your response to somebody who wanted to know how you could be so sure this was more or less on track, even though the meeting you attended was four years ago.
W: Almost five years ago now.
B: Almost five. Yes.
W: Yes. All I can say, Bill, is that just take on board what I’ve mentioned, and if it does ring any bells with anyone – the veracity of what’s said can then be checked by themselves if they wish to do so.
B: Yes.
W: Not everything’s hidden. They can’t possibly hide everything, and then they can put the pieces of the puzzle together themselves and then they’ll find out that it’s quite credible.
B: Yes. I have to admit, it is very credible, which is very sobering. Right at the start of our conversation, you said that… this is my paraphrase… you said that this was a race against time from their point of view. Why?
W: There’s lots of things going to be happening within the next few years and it’s all to do with power. Some of it, I don’t fully understand myself, to be honest with you. But from what I do understand, there is quite a lot of power-brokering going on, and it’s principally that those who have been in control of most of society for not just hundreds of years, but for thousands of years, wish that control to continue. And in order to do that, a sequence of events has to be manufactured in order for that to happen. What I’ve just described to you is probably the first part.
So we’re going to head into this war, then after that… and I can’t give you a timescale for when this is going to happen… there will be a geophysical event taking place on Earth which is going to affect everybody.
Now, by that time we will all have been through a nuclear and biological war. The Earth’s population, if this happens, will be drastically reduced. When this geophysical event is going to take place, then those remaining will probably be halved again. And who survives that is going to determine who takes the world and its surviving population into the next era.
So we are talking about a post-cataclysmic-event era. Who’s going to be in charge? Who’s going to be control? So it’s all about that. And that’s why they’re so desperate for these things to happen within a set timeframe. Otherwise they’ll lose out.
B: Okay. Let me play devil’s advocate here, and talk to me from your standpoint of having quite a lot of in-depth military experience and familiarly with military thinking. Why is the war and the establishment of the totalitarian government, and the atmosphere of fear, and so on and so forth, why is all that needed if there is going to be a major geophysical event, as you put it, which would further disrupt infrastructure, result in a lot of deaths, result in all manner of emergencies all over the world, earthquakes, tsunamis, goodness knows what. That alone would justify martial law in most countries and states of emergency and those same factions could easily justify assuming power in that kind of an emergency. Why is the war part of this scenario? I don’t understand that.
W: I think you have to look at it from a different point of view. After a cataclysmic event, there will be little or no structure. And if there’s no structure, that means a structure has to be put back in place.
A structure needs to be in place before that happens with some sort of certainty that it will survive what’s going to come – so that it can land on both feet the day after, and then remain in power and have the power that it’s enjoyed previously.
B: So, it’s a justification for strengthening the critical parts of the infrastructure actually in preparation for the cataclysm which in routine civilian times might not be so strong. This is what you’re saying?
W: Indeed. And I’m going into an area where I can only give subjective views the same as any other person could, but the feeling, and it’s a very intuitive one, is that they’ve got to get their act together now. They’ve got to get their powerbase properly in place. And the only way they’re going to do that is to create the circumstances for that to happen, i.e., a conflict.
And we can all look back through history. Every war has achieved an aim. Besides the suffering, the human suffering that goes on, it’s always achieved an aim. And the aim is always on the side of the victor.
So, we’re looking at this totalitarian regime, which I believe is already totalitarian anyway. I mean, we do not have a democracy at all. Nobody’s got a say. This has already been decided over and above anybody.
We don’t matter, as it were. We really don’t matter. They matter, and their power matters, and that’s the only thing that’s being thought about it. And I believe if you tapped into the mindset of someone who operates in that type of way, you’d understand what they’re going to do and why they’re doing it and why they want to control the endgame and be in power at the end of it, intact, because this geophysical event is going to be survivable.
B: Do you have any indications when this is? This implies, from what you’re saying, that they’re kind of expecting something to happen in 2012. Is this a 2012 event?
W: No, this isn’t really centered around 21st December, 2012. I don’t know what’s going to happen on 21st December, 2012.
I’ve got strong suspicions that it’s going to be something else, maybe something nice for everybody. I really don’t know. But certainly around that time we’re going to be in a conflict that’s going to take as long as it takes. But we’re talking about some years after 2012 when this geophysical event is going to take place. I’ve judged that to be in my lifetime.
B: Okay. So let me feed this back to you, this roll-out of events you describe: the nuclear exchange and the ceasefire, and then the use of biological weapons… what you’re saying is that this is going to result in such chaos actually that it will take a generation of humanity to rebuild all of that. And during all of that time there will have to be some kind of a heavy totalitarian infrastructure in order to cope with this on-going emergency and re-build. And then sometime in there, there’s going to be this major geophysical event, but they’re got to get started as soon as possible. Is that right?
W: That’s correct. That’s right.
B: Do you think that they know when this is happening? Or do you think they think it’s just happening “sometime”?
W: Yes. I think they’ve got a good idea of when it’s going to happen. I don’t know when that is. However, I’ve got this very strong feeling that it’s going to happen in my lifetime, say within 20 years. You could probably bring that back even further — between now and ten years; between now and five years.
B: Hm.
W: You know, I really don’t know. I wish did know. It’s something that I’d love to know, but we’ve now entered into that period where this geophysical event is about to take place, when we consider the length of time that’s passed since the last one which happened about 11,500 years ago, and it happens round about 11,500 years, cyclically. It’s now due to happen again.
B: Yes.
W: To what degree it’s going to affect the world, one can only imagine, and I’m sure there’s contingency plans in place right now for that event to happen because I believe that is widely known within these circles. They understand it’s going to happen. They have a certainty of knowledge that it’s going to happen. They may have a timeframe, and it appears likely that they have. Again, it’s one of these things — it would be inconceivable if they didn’t know. I mean, the best brains in the world will be working for them on this. You know? And they know all about it, and personally, I don’t.
B: Was this talked about in your meeting at all?
W: No, it wasn’t openly spoken about. Let me summarize what was discussed at the meeting:
Iran will be attacked, possibly within 18 months. China will come to the aid of Iran, to protect its own interests. Nuclear weapons will be used either by Iran or China, with Israel provoking the first use. Much of the Middle East will be laid to waste. Millions will die within a very short period of time. And for some reason this is here, and I can’t tell you why: China will move forcibly into parts of Russia to extend ceasefire lines. Thereafter, biological weapons will be deployed against China. China will “catch a cold”.
And my own understanding is that there’s some sort of malevolent ET alliance at work for 50 years by the UK and US and other Western powers, and this includes Japan.
And, again, when we talk about a malevolent ET alliance that’s in the context of black projects, and this is an exchange of technologies that’s been going on for some considerable time. So there is an involvement there, and that involvement I can’t fully explain myself.
And I also understand that there are more humanitarian and altruistic ET entities working against this timeline and are somehow maintaining a precarious balance without taking any direct intervention themselves. And again, I can’t fully explain that but it’s a certain intuitive feeling that this is working and there’s other aspects of my experience that’s led me to make that statement – but that’s another story.
So what we’re talking about is the Western powers seeking a ‘perfect war’ – doing so throughout the 20th century right up till the present day, because this timeline goes way back. So we’re talking decades or hundreds of years of time where this timeline has been in use.
And also I think it’s quite important to associate the timeline with its other reference which I’ve heard several times now: it’s called THE ANGLO-SAXON MISSION. I feel that’s important to add because that may ring some bells with some people as I don’t think it’s been mentioned before.
B: I’ve heard that phrase before. I don’t want to digress here, but the flag which I’ve got against that – and actually which I’m really starting to understand and it’s as chilling as it gets, from what you’re saying – that the reason why it’s called The Anglo-Saxon Mission is because basically the plan is to wipe out the Chinese so that after the cataclysm and when things are rebuilt, it will be the Anglo-Saxons who are in a position to rebuild and inherit the new Earth, with no one else around. Is that right?
W: Whether that’s right I really don’t know, but I would agree with you. Through the 20th century at least, and even before into the 19th and 18th centuries, the history of this world has been predominantly been run from the West and from the Northern region on the planet. Others have tried but failed.
And it’s safe to say that World War One and World War Two were manufactured wars. I’m quite sure of that. And they were used as stepping-stones to get to where they are now. Any historian will tell you that if that didn’t happen, this wouldn’t have happened. We wouldn’t have had the United Nations; we wouldn’t have had the United States of America becoming a superpower in such a short period of time. They became a superpower within four years of war. And they ended up with nuclear weapons.
People, I feel, have got to bring this to into their own personal agendas. The West becoming the predominant force in the world is there. It’s beyond question.
B: Retrospectively looking back on it, you can see a sort of long-term strategy that extends over a number of generations even though one couldn’t see the wood for the trees at the time.
W: That’s the nature of people – really. You know, we just live our own lives with those of our families and those close to us and do the best we can. It’s not very often that we stick our heads above the parapet and have a good look around to see what’s really happening. We’re not very good at doing that, I’m afraid.
I’m a good example. I’ve been involved in so many things, I’ve just got my head down and just got on with what I was doing, ignoring what was going on, possibly subconsciously denying what was happening until I really had to say something about it.
B: Yes. Just on a personal note, it must be quite hard living with this personal experience that you’ve had of being party to these conversations and knowing that this isn’t just some fantasy because you heard these people talking about this, laughing about it.
W: Well, it was quite informal. I mean, they were very comfortable talking about this.
How can I describe the people who I’m talking about better? The people who I’m talking about are people who exude power. They elicit fear. They demand obedience and by God do they get it! And by the way they talk they’re dictating to the so-called elected governments that we’ve got in Parliament or in Washington or in Berlin or in Paris. These people exude that kind of power, and beyond that what can I say?
I’m sure other people have come across characters like that in their lives. There’s not a compassionate bone in their body. They do not resonate any spiritual warmth whatsoever. They’re cold, they’re calculating. To use a phrase that’s common here, “butter wouldn’t melt in their mouth”.
B: A lot of people out there speculate that at some level, maybe not at the level of the people who you were meeting with in the room, but at some level, in this behind-the-scenes government that is orchestrating this entire plan, lies a non-human intelligence.
And one of the arguments for that is that it takes an enormous amount of long-term thinking, strategic cunning, to plan going over many generations, which is the result of an extremely high intelligence just to play this chess game on such an enormous scale. So some people, myself included, suggest that this must be a non-human intelligence that’s behind this.
W: Yes. And my perception is that this intelligence is incredibly logical, without any empathy, without any love, care, understanding or compassion. They’re cold and calculating and logical beyond any logic that we could muster normally. They go well beyond that — they’re such supremely intelligent people. These are people who can produce answers to really difficult questions without blinking an eye. They are very, very bright people, but bright only in the sense that their logic is extraordinary.
B: What can ordinary people do? How should they react? How should they think? Do you personally feel that this is inevitable? Do you think we’re all doomed in some way?
W: No, absolutely not. I’ve often thought about this, Bill, and this of course is a personal view: We will endure. But to endure, from one person to the next, is not to work for them anymore. It’s to stop working for them. It’s not to react violently against them because they’ll win. They would love that to happen, then it gives them an excuse. They breed on fear and violence – the reaction from fear. That would be like bees to honey for them. They would love that to happen.
What’s needed is non-violent reaction: simply just not doing the job for them any more. To give a comparison, Bill. There was a man who history has largely ignored. He was a Frenchman, by the name of Jean Juarès. It’s always surprised me why this incredible character has never entered the history books. He’s quite well known in France in some circles, but not widely known.
He predicted the First World War happening. He wanted the International Workers’ Movement to not comply with the royal families and aristocracy, and when you read about him you’ll find this out yourself. Just a couple of months before the outbreak, when the assassination of Archduke Ferdinand took place in Serbia, Juares was assassinated in a French café. They killed him. He was shot dead, and with him went that movement.
Prior to World War One, he saw the writing on the wall. He saw the aristocracies and the royal families of Europe pitting themselves against one another, in a big battle. He knew that France and Germany, the United Kingdom were all industrialized nations. He further realized that being industrialized, the next war will be an industrial war where millions of people might be killed.
He formed a movement which some have termed as communist. It was the International Workers Movement, and it’s got nothing to do with politics. His idea was for the ordinary person not to do anything, not to go to war, just stay at home and they wouldn’t have the war they wanted.
I personally believe that if non-violence is adopted and people become more awake to what’s happening, then these people very, very quickly lose the power that they’ve got. They feed on power. They feed on fear. So if you take these elements away from them they become powerless. They need us to do what they’re doing. They can’t do it on their own even though they’ll be damn dangerous in any event, but they can’t do it all on their own.
And that would be my message is just to wake up a bit, see what’s happening about us, put our heads above the parapet and without fearing to do that, without feeling afraid, take a deep breath, have a look around, see what’s happening, and then people will soon realize: Oh yeah. Okay. This is where we’re gonna go. This is where we’re heading and there’s not much I can do about it. But they can!
As I’ve said, it’s not to react violently. And if people are in positions where these people need them, just don’t work for them. Just stop working for them. Take your labor away because they need the troops who are going to do this work. We’re not just talking about people in the military. We’re talking about every civilian member in all the populations right across the globe. Just say: No, because this not us. This is not what we want to do.
And it’s making that choice. It sounds ridiculously simple. I think the execution of it is that simple and it’s well within our power as human beings, conscious living, breathing, human beings who have a shared compassion for one another to do that. Because if we don’t, they’ll carry on and then they’ll realize their endgame.
B: Do you think, from your own military experience, that there are enough people in the military who are saying: You know what? I didn’t sign up for this. I’m not going to do this. Or do you think that they’ll buy into all the justifications that are being set up at the moment?
W: Well, by and large the Western military is not a conscripted army. It’s a professional army, and it prides itself on its professionalism. It prides itself on acting on behalf of the people who elected the government who sent them out to do the job that they’re doing. It’s a very difficult question to answer. And of course, these troops are superbly trained and they believe, they wholly believe, as I did when I was in the military, that you’re doing the job for all the right reasons.
If it became clear to people who are in such professions — this is not just the military; we’re talking about the emergency services, the police, all those who’ve made their way into the security industry, we’re talking about all these people. If enough voices were heard, then those in the military who have not achieved any significant rank, who have no particular stake in the game, will then wake up themselves just as soon as anybody else.
But it’s got to be borne in mind that the Western powers have professional military services, and it’s a difficult thing to do to make it clear and let these guys and girls know that they’re not fighting the right people.
B: Sure. Let me ask a different question. Was there reference to “safe or safer places to be”? Physically, I mean.
W: No. None at all.
B: Nothing like the southern hemisphere is okay, the northern hemisphere is going to be a problem? Nothing like that?
W: No, not at that meeting. That wasn’t mentioned at all.
B: Okay. Another question I’d like to ask you, and it’s a fascinating one to debate among people who are tuned in to this whole area, is a personal one: why do you feel that the benevolent ETs, and I’m sure that they exist, why do you think that they don’t step in to say: Okay, guys, normally we’re hands-off, but this is getting serious here and we’re not going to allow this to happen. Is that possible? Why do they maintain such a distance?
W: Well, first things first. “These benevolent Ets” – I don’t actually like calling them “Ets“… I believe that these people are us and we are them.
B: Yes.
W: They’ve been around for a lot longer than the regime that’s in power at the moment. This present regime, this power-based regime, some have called them reptilians, and I’ve got no problem at all calling them that because that’s exactly what they’re like – totally cold-hearted. They’ve been around much, much longer and they’re the ones who have really made humanity what it is today.
Interventions? I believe they’ve been intervening in the best ways that they can. But we’re talking about very spiritually evolved beings, as the human race is very spiritually evolved — maybe that’s why we come back here so often, back to this planet.
But for these people who are us and we are them, as I mentioned, they don’t see time the same way that we understand time here within the physical world. For them, 11,500 years ago was a blink of an eye. It was nothing, and they already know what the endgame is going to be. They believe, as I believe, that this regime that’s in power at the moment who wish this total dominance over the Earth and everything that’s in it, are not going to win. They’re having their time now and their time is about to end.
B: On what basis do you feel that? This is very important for people reading this transcript because some people will be feeling numbed and shocked at the information that you’ve presented, thinking: Oh God, we’re really stitched up here.
W: Yes, I think if you take it from the purely physical point of view. It doesn’t mean that we’ve all got suicidal minds or something like that. We all want our lives; we all cherish our lives; everybody does. We love our lives and we want to experience them fully in all ways, in the best way we possibly can.
We’re currently being prevented from doing so because of this regime, which is based in fear; it’s all about fear. And the greatest fear that we’ve got physically is fear of death, and that’s part of the greatest power that they’re got over us, is this type of fear, this anxiety that they can raise or lower – which they’re doing all the time.
I can’t think of a moment when this hasn’t happened, when this fear doesn’t come out and then we react to it the way that we do. It seems perfectly natural. But what happens when we don’t, stop feeling this and say: Well, it’s only fear. We can get over this, then that’s tapping into who we really are.
I don’t yet believe there are enough people around at the moment who know who they are. They define themselves by their own physical existence, which is all fear-based, and it’s cyclical, and they just can’t get out of it. And obviously they need to find their way out of it.
I believe, personally, that come this shift – I call it a shift because that’s what I believe is going to happen; the Earth’s crust is going to shift round about 30 degrees, about 1700 to 2000 miles southwards, and it will cause a huge upheaval, effects of which will last for a very long time to come. But the human race isn’t going to die off. We’re still going to be here. It’s who we are at the end of that – is where my mind is. And as for this regime, that’s where their mind is. This is why they’re doing what they’re doing because they want to be in control at the end of it.
Now, if we’re talking about intervention, this is when there will be an intervention by the “benevolent ETs.” The people who are really us, this is when it may happen, but I don’t know. I’ve got a strong intuitive feeling it will, but at the moment the situation that we have right now is not conducive for that type of intervention. Not right now.
They don’t feel it’s the right time. And in any event, physical life is only a very, very small part of who we really are, so how much importance do you place on that, knowing that when you walk from this door into the next door, you’re back home anyway?
So all that’s got to be taken into consideration, and I’m sure there’s people out there who could articulate this far better than I’m articulating this right now. I can only articulate this from a very personal point of view and that’s what I feel intuitively might happen. And I say might knowing full well that I can be certain within my own self that that sort of thing will happen, and it’s just the pain that we have to go through of reaching that point where this regime will no longer have the power that they’ve got.
People wakening up, finding out what’s going on around them and really having a good look, and raising their conscious levels as they’ve never done before, and then everything will click into place quite quickly. And when it does, the power that these people have will just fall off them like a towel, you know, just fall right off them, and they’ll be exposed for what they are.
B: That’s a very inspiring thought. Do you feel personally that… Let me specify a number of alternatives: That the whole war might not happen at all; that the whole thing will just fall apart? Or that all of this will fall apart after the war but before the cataclysm? Or that all of this will fall apart after the cataclysm and that the Meek will inherit the Earth, let’s say?
W: Yes. This is an extremely good question. Let’s consider two things: the first thing is the sheer determination on the part of this regime, for want of a better word, the sheer determination that they have to have this done. They’re desperate. They’re going full-out for this to happen. They’re creating the scenarios, the in, the out. It’s relentless; it’s non-stop; there’s no breathing space. And when there is breathing space, I mean, when people start to relax about things, something else will pop up to keep us within that grip of fear that they’ve generated.
That is a hugely powerful force that they have, massively powerful, and it should never be underestimated. It’s the sort of thing that drives good, honest people around the bend, putting people early into their graves through stress and anxiety. It’s coming away from that and seeing it for what it is.
If there’s enough people who can raise the levels of awareness and just see what’s happening, then everybody else will bring their heads up. I think it only needs one or two people to put their head up and just say: Yep. All’s clear, and everybody else will come up. Then you’ll see them all around the world, in various countries, just a new feeling, a better feeling than what we’ve had before, and that’s all about individuals empowering themselves by acknowledging who they really are.
And it’s nothing mystical. It’s nothing deeply cultish or anything like that. It’s got very little to do with religion. It’s all about the human spirit and the consciousness which we live through and that we all share and knowing that consciousness is undoubtedly shared by all of us — but is presently suppressed. And we have to get past those suppressive forces in order to realize who we are. When that happens – all else will follow quite naturally and that regime, dangerous as they are – I can’t emphasize this too much: These are damn dangerous people, extremely dangerous – their power will go.
B: This is extremely close to what David Icke talks about. It’s extremely close to what Dr. Bill Deagle talks about, and to what we’ve talked about a number of times.
W: Yes.
B: That there’s a rise in consciousness going on on the planet, but they’re desperately trying to close the lid and to accelerate their own plans so that they can put in place the iron fist of control. Things may get worse before they get better, but they’re not going to win out in the end because consciousness transcends all the force and all the military might and all the strategic planning that they could put into place. And it’s a question of that collective consciousness continuing to expand, as it seems to be.
And this interview here that we’re doing needs to play a part in that. Because it’s not about scaring people witless and having them all hide in bunkers with emergency food. It’s actually about saying: Listen, it doesn’t have to be like this if we can be as big as we are, and as brave as we can be, and as strong as we can be, and realize who we really are. And if enough of us do that, then this just isn’t going to roll out like that.
W: That’s right. I’m coming out saying exactly this. I realize I’m not saying anything that’s unique at all, but as you’re indicating, it’s got to be repeated. People have got to be aware that there’s hope, and things need not be the way they are. They never needed to be the way they are. It can be far, far better.
It’s getting over the fear; it’s this fear that people need to get over. We don’t have to be psychiatrists or psychologists or anything like that — they only deal with the mind. We don’t have to be religious leaders or great spiritual thinkers to be aware of this, because we all have it within us. It’s inherent within us. So it’s a matter of looking into oneself and then becoming comfortable with who you are; then you’ll have a knowing of what’s going on and know that it’s wrong. And everybody else… it will just spread.
Even those who’ve been indoctrinated into this regime of fear will not be able to resist it because to do so is just resisting themselves and who they really are. And it’s a wonderful thing; it’s what this universe is all about and what this whole experience is all about. And it will make these periods, these last so many thousands of years, be just… not even a bad memory… just like: Hm! Well, we’ve learnt from that. Okay? And we’ll make sure that doesn’t happen again, and that these kind of characters who can produce this kind of fear, you know, don’t ever get a power base here again.
So, yes, I think those days are coming and if it does happen in time — and ‘time’ is one of those words that you use very carefully because this regime is very time-based, where the human consciousness isn’t really concerned with time so much, but they definitely are because of the physical nature of the Earth. It does things at certain times. You know, we have seasons: spring, summer, autumn, winter. The shift that’s coming is just like another season.
What’s going to happen is geophysical change; it’s another season, and a very aware humanity could most possibly take this in their stride and come out the other end of it very well indeed.
I know you mentioned about safe places for people to go. I really don’t know. But from a personal point of view, I know where I should be, and where I should be is where I am right now. Whether it’s safe or not is immaterial; it’s where I should be right now, and I feel comfortable with that.
B: Yes. When people ask us that question about where they should be, we always reflect it back and point out that the answer is going to be different for every individual, based upon things that no-one else apart from them can really know.
Some people may need to stay put; some people may need to travel, but the reason for that might be because they’ve got somebody to meet and something to do in some other location. It really depends on so many factors, not just a question of: what’s objectively safe and where should we hide? It’s got more to do with: how can we best deploy all of the abilities that we have here and now to do whatever it is that we’re here to do? And that’s going to be individual to everybody.
W: Absolutely. It is. I think the more aware that people become, the fear factor goes. We don’t live in that fear, so what you previously feared may no longer be a fear for that individual or for that group of people, for that matter. It just won’t be there.
That’s not to say there won’t any concerns, there won’t be any pain or things like that; of course there will. But on top of all that, the fears that we currently experience, the physical fears of the uncertainties and the unpredictable nature of things, will be gone — they’ll just go. We’ll be left being the people who we are, and I think the human race as a whole is pretty damn wonderful.
B: Yes. That’s a wonderful thing for people to take with them, something that we’ve often mentioned. There’s a wonderful movie. It goes back to 1984, a Jeff Bridges movie called Starman. The starman is an alien visitor who’s here for peaceful purposes, trying to understand the human race because he’s got caught up in a strange situation. And he’s trying to get back home.
Towards the end of the movie he says: Would you like to know what I find beautiful about your species? You are at your best when things are at their worst.
I’ve never forgotten that line. It’s got to do the with fact that what’s marvelous about the human race is the ability to transcend problems and reach deep within themselves to produce the very best out of themselves in the worst situations. And of course, in the military that kind of situation is almost a tradition, that under extraordinary pressure you have people behaving with incredible heroism, and it’s that response to pressure that makes us wonderful.
W: Yes, it’s more noticeable in the military because that gets reported out. Human consciousness and how we exist through this physical world is extremely resilient. A good point to consider is that we may think sometimes we’ve got a deadlock in ethical thinking about some things, but we don’t really. Things simply differ from one person to the next which I think is another wonderful thing because it can keep conversations going for ever and ever, which is fantastic. The dialog we have helps us to understand ourselves so much better.
But it transcends deadlock, I think. It goes beyond that. It goes beyond what we know to be ethically right and so forth. It takes it to a different level when these things happen, when our resilience is tested to this extreme. We’re all capable of doing very wonderful things and it looks likely, very likely, that we’re on the cusp of where that resilience is going to be tested to the extreme.
I’m going to emphasize again that we’re playing against very dangerous people, extremely dangerous people, incredibly powerful people. And I know from my own experience that not many people have had first-hand experience with that type of power and how it exudes, and how it affects one’s person… it can make you very, very sick, make you ill to the point of breakdown. Or you join in with them, become subservient and be sycophantic to everything that they want to do, because the people who do work for them and do their bidding – and there’s quite a large number of them – are incredibly obedient and incredibly servile. They’re not what you call “free spirits” at all. You know, they’ve been taken in, taken in by them.
Maybe that’s something that people should begin to be aware of, of the kind of power that they hold at the moment, and I don’t think that’s been fully grasped yet. People are trying to see in between the margins to find out what’s going on and getting snippets of information, and those snippets are going to be very, very important.
But to act against them in any way, it can be quite disastrous. I’ve had that experience and I think many, many other people have too. So this is maybe why we should tell exactly who they are, should announce ourselves and be fearless about it. It’s because of that fear… that’s at the base of all that still exists.
B: Something that we spoke about earlier when we had a conversation a few days ago was there’s a supreme arrogance in these people, which you’ve experienced at first-hand, which George Green described when we first met and talked to him about a year and three-quarters ago: He said: They think they’ve won. They’re not worried about anything any more. They’re not trying to silence all the alternative media. Not really, you know. It’s not going to make any difference. What difference is a couple of voices going to make? The plan’s still going to roll out. It’s not going to make any difference at all, they believe, what you or I might say.
W: Well I go along with what George Green said. He’s painted a far better picture than I could, because that’s exactly what it’s like. They are incredibly arrogant. Along with their other attributes that they have, there is that arrogance there. It’s quite tangible. Yes. And they’re just comfortable about what they’re doing, totally comfortable. They’re not hiding around and sneaking about. I mean, these are quite open people, some of them, public figures.
B: Okay. Now, is there anything that we missed? Is there anything that you wanted to say but didn’t have a chance to fully enlarge on? Is there anything you want to add that I haven’t even asked you about?
W: There’s still such a story to tell, I think, because I’m very aware that people need to see a decent level of credibility in what I’ve been describing to you, and I guess that’s always a difficulty. But all I can really say is I’ve been aware of this timeline since the early ’70s, too young to understand what it was at the time. In fact it seemed to me quite an exciting thing that was going on, and that was the first time I ever heard of the existence of the “Anglo Saxon Mission.”
And details of what I know, I feel if I started mentioning names in particular and what was mentioned and where I was at the time, might compromise the Official Secrets Act, which I’m still party to in so many aspects. I say the military. Where it’s in a civilian environment, then no; I feel happy talking about that.
I wish there was a way that I could describe other events, which you’re aware of, and do so in a manner that would allow people to understand me far better than I’ve explained here. Then they’d see exactly where I’m coming from, where I’ve been, and what I’ve been through. I feel that then people could rationalize what’s been said far better.
But I do feel that what’s been said so far is enough for people, if they so wish, to have a look themselves and uncover a few stones. And if anything of significance does come out of it which other people can corroborate, that would be fantastic. That would be good, because evidence… You know, I know it’s so crucial to do things like this, and there’s no smoking gun as such. There’s only one person reporting something that happened five years ago, principally, but there is a much, much larger story around that which you are aware of, and we need to be extremely careful about where we go with that.
B: There are many people, of course, who do have access to the same information you do. This is something that is known by thousands of people in finance and the military and politics. It’s widely known. It’s a very small proportion of the world’s population, but it’s still very widely known.
W: Absolutely. Yes.
B; And something that we’ve always encouraged, and we say it again here, is that we encourage anyone who has experienced it first-hand or even at second-hand, any aspect of this, to please step forward and know that there’s safety in numbers. Know that the more people who break ranks and have the courage that you have to speak out, the more will be heard, the more will be understood, and the whole thing will be like a gradually rolling snowball. The snowball is rolling. It’s quite small, but it is rolling.
W: Oh, it is. It is. There’ll come a time where names will be named if there’s enough public support, and we will demand answers from those people.
So when enough fruit from the tree of evidence comes off, then these people can be properly challenged, and then we can see a far different story, you know, emerge from the one that people like myself are giving you. It’ll become more real, far more real. We can do that. We can take people to task.
B: Okay. All right. This is very, very important. I want to close by saying: thank you for your courage, and thank you for your spirit.
W: Thank you very much, too, Bill.
http://projectcamelot.org/anglo_saxon_mission_interview_transcript.html
See Part I
One Day in BirminghamFebruary 12, 2010
Nicholas Kollerstrom – October 22, 2005
In January of 2005, an Irishman and a Spaniard booked into the Waqar Hotel in Birmingham, to rent a double room. The Spaniard told the hotel proprietor that he was working for a US company located in Spain, and that he would receive rent checques from themon a bimonthly basis. Over the following six – month period while the room was rented, three of these cheques did duly arrive; however, the proprieter (Mr Barki) noticed that the two tenants were never there. Then, on 12 July they suddenly turned up and took away 9 heavy bags, which they would not allow anyone else to carry.
Here we note that Tuesday 12th July was the date when police claimed to have found a bath full of ‘several kilos’ of explosives in a Leeds house, owned by Mahmood el-Nashar (who had recently completed his PhD at Leeds biochemistry Department), a link being made thereby to the ‘Leeds bombers.’ The day before, on the 11th of July, central Birmingham (the Broad Street area) was sealed off by the police due to a ‘credible’ terror alert – and some ‘controlled explosions’ were duly set off by the police.
Feeling increasingly uneasy, at last on 17 July the hotel proprietor decided to take a look inside the room. In it he found:
a) 2 black bags containing a large amount of British currency;
b) a ‘Bin Laden’ tape;
c) ‘Al Qaeda’ manuals on “How to make bombs” and “ How to blow up an air-liner”;
d) a knife with bloodstains on it (in one of the bags).
The proprietor called the police and two or three local uniformed officers arrived. When they saw the room and its contents they became excited and began calling colleagues, saying “we’ve found a Bin Laden cell here!”. Mr Barki also called his good friend Mr Appas Malik, reporter of the local Daily Jang a Pakistani newspaper and told him his extraordinary news.
A short while later non-uniformed officers (who did not identify themselves) arrived on the scene. They rebuked the others off for phoning their colleagues and turned them out of the hotel. Having inspected the room, they then went down into the hotel-lobby, evicted everyone else out from the hotel, staff as well as manager, and confiscated the CCTV film. They asked the hotel proprietor to sign a blank sheet of paper. He strongly objected to doing any such thing, but eventually he complied. They instructed him not to talk to anyone outside from then on.
The story was reported in the Daily Jang, as well as being aired on the British Pakistani TV channel ‘GEO’ (which has the same proprietership as the Jang). On that same day the 17th, Mr Malik told the story to Dr Naseem the sage Cleric of the Birmingam Mosque, and Dr Naseem then endeavoured to obtain confirmation of this story from the hotel owner – but initially, he wouldn’t speak. The Deputy Chief constable was visiting the B’ham mosque and in response to Dr Naseem’s queries about this incident he declared that he had never heard about it, however the Area Superintendent of the B’ham police would call. He never did. Then Dr N. had an appointment to see the Chief Constable of Birmingham, by way of liasing and maintaining community relations Dr N, worried about the hotel owner, asked him about the incident and gained the impression that he genuinely didn’t know anything about it.
Four weeks after the event, the hotel proprietor Mr Barki was finally prepared talk to Dr N. about the event, and the story he then narrated was identical to that which Dr Naseem had heard from his journalist friend. Dr Naseem has related it to a group of us members of the London 9/11 Sceptics movement – and we’re telling it here! Br Barki’s hotel business has slumped since the incident, even though officially nothing has happened, being totally unreported in the local or national press (except for the Daily Jang). The B’ham town council had helped supply his hotel with lodgers but this seems to have dried up. Left open is the question of the tracking down the two persons who rented the room, which would surely have been a fairly straightforward operation, however no-seems inclined to do this.
Is there a sinister programme by the British government of maintaining the atmosphere of terror and fanning the flames of suspicion against Muslims? Could the inflammatory materials discovered in the hotel bedroom have been planted there deliberately in order to fabricate yet another ‘terror-scare’ involving Muslims?
Also see:
Review of Nicholas Kollerstrom’s book ‘Terror on the tube, behind the Veil of 7/7’
The Lady, The Queen and what it really meansDecember 28, 2009
Paul Powers – December 12, 2009
The saying goes that a picture is worth a thousand words. That is definitely true for the first image featuring Queen Elizabeth II and pop music sensation Lady Gaga.
Many words are needed in order to explain its veiled meaning but I will try to keep it under a thousand. I would venture to say that upon looking at this picture many people would not be able to recognize both women (either one or the other but not both). That in of itself may well be to keep the real meaning hidden.

The woman on the left has been the British Monarch for the last 59 years. The woman on the right is currently one of the top pop music singers in the United States and Europe. You could say she is the remake of Madonna in the 21st century. Chances are your local elementary school is playing her songs at your 7th graders dances.
So what does one see now that we know the identities of who we are looking at? Not much, if anything to the casual observer. However, what about Satanic symbolism? For starters we have the Queen dressed completely in black and Lady Gaga dressed completely in red. In this linked picture you see Lady Gaga in both colors. Not exactly a wholesome image to be sure.
In fact the colours red and black are the two most prominent colours used in Satanism. This can be seen in the image I found on a website called satanshop.com (right). It is a pendant featuring the head of the devil inside a pentagram in red on a black background. There is also a church of Satan headquartered in San Francisco, California. You can also find them on internet (churchofsatan.org).
The image on the left is the logo of the Bohemian Club (black owl and red letters) also located in San Francisco, Ca. The Bohemian Club is an elite group of politicians, bankers etc. that perform Satanic rituals at a place known as Bohemian Grove in Monte Rio, California.
Inviting pop stars to the Royal Palace is nothing new to the Queen. In fact, she has gone as far as bestowing knighthood to the likes of Mick Jagger. Jagger is the lead singer of the Rolling Stones who put out an album in 1967 called “Their Satanic Majesties Request”. They also have hit songs such as Sympathy for the Devil and Dancing with Mr. “D”. In addition, Jagger is a member of the OTO (Ordo Templi Orientis).
This is a freemasonic occult organization that was once headed by the self proclaimed “most evil man alive” and “the beast” Aleister Crowley (right).
The queen is also the supreme governor of the Anglican church in Great Britain by the way. This means that she formally appoints its high-ranking clergy and naturally this gives her some say in who is finally chosen.
All of which may help explain why so many, particularly in Africa, are turning away from the Anglican Church over its stance on homosexuality. It’s almost as if the church was being undermined from within but that shouldn’t be a surprise given who appoints prominent clergy.
The Queen’s list of pernicious guests over the last five decades is quite substantial but hopefully you get the picture (pun intended).
So we now see that Satanism is no way at all confined to bizarre looking people covered with tattoos and body piercings. Yes, there are Wall Street Executives going to work everyday in a $5000 dollars suit and tie that worship the devil. Think of it as a caste system ranging from the richest most powerful people in the world all the way down to a minimum wage dishwasher working in Greenwich Village, New York.
For the ultra elite Satanism is generational. So whether the next British king is the queen’s son (Charles) or grandson (William) the House of Windsor along with the Rothschild family will continue on with its demonic destruction of not only Great Britain and the United States but the rest of the world.
 Footnote
Finally, this website feels it necessary to point out that the same contrasting colours appear repeatedly in Nazi insignia (below). Indeed the same juxaposition of colours appears in Klu Klux Klan insignia (founded by the infamous Albert Pike) and we think that this is more than a coincidence. Ed.

Also see:
Lady Gaga, the Illuminati Puppet
Lady Gaga, the Illuminati Puppet Part II
Lady Gaga’s Bad Romance – the Occult Meaning
Two Minutes to MidnightOctober 21, 2009
Rixon Stewart – September 4, 2009
Regular visitors to this website will have noted its been down recently. This is the result of cyber attacks, which may well foreshadow the approach of something far more ominous.
Throughout March until mid-April, 2009, this website experienced similar attacks, although not so much down time. This was no coincidence. At the time Russia warned Iran that its surveillance satellites had spotted Israeli preparations to strike a large military air-show north of Tehran.
Iran promptly cancelled the display and dispersed its aircraft; thereby preventing a repeat of the 1967 Arab/Israeli War when Israel destroyed most of Egypt’s Air Force while it was still on the ground.
Had those strikes gone ahead in April we would now be engaged in a full blown global conflict. And whoever was behind the cyber-assaults wanted to ensure that few were alerted to its approach.
That was not the end of it for although the attack on Iran was postponed it is still very much in the pipeline. And whenever it starts it will not be confined to a bust-up between Israel and Iran.
A psychic friend, who accurately foresaw the invasion of Iraq and the aborted April attack, still sees war with Iran ultimately leading to a world war.
Given that its continued emergence as a global power depends on Iran’s oil and gas, China has every reason to ensure that they don’t fall under Western control.
Likewise, Russia has growing ties with Iran and as we’ve outlined elsewhere, Western military chiefs met secretly late last year to draw up contingency plans for large scale military operations, somewhere, in the near future.
So the clock is still ticking toward World War III.
Together with the start of a rapidly escalating conflict with Iran, anticipate a widespread civil clampdown on both sides of the Atlantic. With the possible imposition of martial law leading to opponents of the war being rounded up and interned.
Along with this we may also see a program of compulsory vaccination. Indeed moves are already underway for enforced vaccinations across the U.S..
The prospect of epidemics is being used to promote this while natural preventative measures are being ignored. And real or contrived, the threat of epidemics could very easily be used to impose mandatory inoculations.
Coupled with this there is a growing recognition that our political leaders do not serve the “will of the people”. As this realisation spreads they are upping the ante. Hence moves are underway to initiate war with Iran and use the escalating conflict to impose a clampdown.
Despite the best efforts of their spin-doctors however, the REAL face of political power is becoming evident. Our leaders are not ‘servants of the people’ but actors in a charade staged in collusion with the corporate media.
This is now obvious in the likes of Obama and Brown, who are effectively no different from their predecessors. Media pundits may make much of supposed political differences but essentially they all follow the same game plan.
There is however one new element in world affairs that few have recognised although it was prophesied long ago.
Muslims refer to him as Dajjal, literally the impostor messiah, while the ancient Persian Zoroastrians foretold of a dark and destructive messiah they referred to as Ahriman.
In the early 20th century, Christian esoteric teacher and researcher Rudolph Steiner also spoke of Ahriman. He would, said Steiner, emerge in the early 21st century in North America and his incarnation would be in distinct counterpoint to Christ’s.
In fact most Christians now know him as the “anti-Christ”. So here it is appropriate to outline some of his characteristics as described by Steiner because, yes, we think we’ve spotted him.
Otherwise known as Satan, Ahriman is distinct from Lucifer. Although the two often work in tandem their methods are different. Whereas Lucifer works in ways suggested by words derived from his name – illusion, delusion and the false light of counterfeit spiritual illumination – Ahriman seeks to entomb mankind entirely in the physical realm.
Hence, Ahriman is in his element in hard scientific materialism, which at its most extreme claims that there is nothing beyond physical reality. He is at home in statistics, quantitative proof, material greed and rampant consumerism; while intellectually he can be found in a literal interpretation of religion, in technology and in the sphere of commerce and business, particularly in banking and high finance.
According to Steiner, Ahriman’s incarnation is only part of a cycle spanning millennia. Lucifer incarnated in China in the third millennium B.C. then came Christ and now we are about to witness the third and final act, although many will not live to see its finale.
Nonetheless Steiner was at pains to point out that we should not flee from what is approaching. Instead we should learn from it because what about to unfold is a coming of age lesson for humanity.
Just as we cannot entirely dismiss the qualities embodied by Ahriman – hard logic, monotonous and routine reality, sensory bound materialism, quantifiable science – we cannot reject those expressed by Lucifer either.
Luminous imagination, subconscious wisdom, flights of fantasy, gnosis and other impulses inspired by Lucifer play a vital role in human life. The critical point, said Steiner, was to find a balance: in effect create a synthesis between those qualities embodied by Ahriman and those expressed by Lucifer and to do that a third force is required – the Christ force.
Here it should be noted that most of what is called “Christianity” today – be it the papacy in Rome, “Christian Zionism” or the Church of England – is now so divorced from its roots as to be detrimental to genuine Christian impulses.
Even so, real Christian impulses will be vital in dealing with Ahriman in his current incarnation. Nonetheless at the risk of disappointing readers, I’m not going to name him – that’s for you to fathom. But I am going to leave a couple of pointers.
First of all expect the pace toward conflict with Iran to quicken in the coming months.
Obama has done his reaching out toward Iran, acting the role of the ‘good guy’ while studiously ignoring Israel’s own nuclear weapons, which is what prompted Iran’s alleged nuclear weapons program in the first place.
IF indeed it has one.
And make no mistake: Israel is pushing relentlessly to eliminate the supposed threat posed by Iran.
We may even see another false flag like 9/11.
Whatever happens, the pace of events will quicken along with a change in the tone of diplomatic dialogue. The talk will no longer be about discussions and negotiation but of ultimatums with the looming threat of a military showdown.
In fact this has already started. Carl Bildt, Sweden’s Foreign Minister, a key player in the European Union and long time Bilderberger, has declared that if Iran wants confrontation then “confrontation will happen”.
When it begins expect to see a relative unknown step-up to a key position in the U.S. administration. The post may not even exist yet, just as the Department of Homeland Security didn’t before 9/11. Whatever it’s called though he will be responsible for coordinating the war effort, overseeing internment camps, vaccination programs and the like.
It’s here that Ahriman will come into his element. Watch for someone relatively young (35 to 40) with a background in science and finance. Be alert to the possibility that initially he will also be acknowledged as a saviour of some sort.
Although not acclaimed for spiritual achievement, he will almost certainly be hailed for putting together a scientific or economic rescue package. He may even be credited with helping reverse the current economic downturn.
Like any conjuring trick though it will be an illusion, a ruse used to elevate him to higher levels of power.
Ahriman’s underlings have now assumed pivotal positions around the world and he’s already appeared briefly in the public arena. This was simply to establish him, subliminally, as a figure of authority. Although few recognised him he will soon reappear to do what was ordained thousands of years ago. 
Instead of a promised economic revival he will bring only profits for the arms industry. This is a particularly fitting given that it is an area of activity where Ahrimanic leanings are prevalent, especially in the high tech sector.
For centuries his disciples have secretly prepared for this incarnation. From the birth of an industrial revolution driven by science and desire for profit, to a consumer society founded on greed and materialism; the ground has been readied for Ahrimanic impulses to take root and flourish, as unwitting humanity has been set up for his arrival.
Now on the eve of his grand debut a huge war is being prepared: a suitable backdrop for him to step up and take command as, almost literally, all hell breaks loose.
Finally let me repeat: look for someone with a background in banking, economics, science and advanced technology.
Across the world things are moving. We are heading to a war of unprecedented magnitude, bigger than the last two world wars put together. The world as we know it will be transformed and presiding over the carnage will be a “dark messiah” long foretold.
Al Qaeda – The DatabaseMay 15, 2009
Wayne Madsen — May 15, 2009
Shortly before his untimely death, former British Foreign Secretary Robin Cook told the House of Commons that “Al Qaeda” is not really a terrorist group but a database of international mujaheddin and arms smugglers used by the CIA and Saudis to funnel guerrillas, arms, and money into Soviet-occupied Afghanistan. Courtesy of World Affairs, a journal based in New Delhi, WMR can bring you an important excerpt from an Apr.-Jun. 2004 article by Pierre-Henry Bunel, a former agent for French military intelligence.
“I first heard about Al-Qaida while I was attending the Command and Staff course in Jordan. I was a French officer at that time and the French Armed Forces had close contacts and cooperation with Jordan . . .
“Two of my Jordanian colleagues were experts in computers. They were air defense officers. Using computer science slang, they introduced a series of jokes about students’ punishment.
“For example, when one of us was late at the bus stop to leave the Staff College, the two officers used to tell us: ‘You’ll be noted in ‘Q eidat il-Maaloomaat’ which meant ‘You’ll be logged in the information database.’ Meaning ‘You will receive a warning . . .’ If the case was more severe, they would used to talk about ‘Q eidat i-Taaleemaat.’ Meaning ‘the decision database.’ It meant ‘you will be punished.’ For the worst cases they used to speak of logging in ‘Al Qaida.’
“In the early 1980s the Islamic Bank for Development, which is located in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, like the Permanent Secretariat of the Islamic Conference Organization, bought a new computerized system to cope with its accounting and communication requirements. At the time the system was more sophisticated than necessary for their actual needs.
“It was decided to use a part of the system’s memory to host the Islamic Conference’s database. It was possible for the countries attending to access the database by telephone: an Intranet, in modern language. The governments of the member-countries as well as some of their embassies in the world were connected to that network.
“[According to a Pakistani major] the database was divided into two parts, the information file where the participants in the meetings could pick up and send information they needed, and the decision file where the decisions made during the previous sessions were recorded and stored. In Arabic, the files were called, ‘Q eidat il-Maaloomaat’ and ‘Q eidat i-Taaleemaat.’ Those two files were kept in one file called in Arabic ‘Q eidat ilmu’ti’aat’ which is the exact translation of the English word database. But the Arabs commonly used the short word Al Qaida which is the Arabic word for “base.” The military air base of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia is called ‘q eidat ‘riyadh al ‘askariya.’ Q eida means “a base” and “Al Qaida” means “the base.”
“In the mid-1980s, Al Qaida was a database located in computer and dedicated to the communications of the Islamic Conference’s secretariat.
“In the early 1990s, I was a military intelligence officer in the Headquarters of the French Rapid Action Force. Because of my skills in Arabic my job was also to translate a lot of faxes and letters seized or intercepted by our intelligence services . . . We often got intercepted material sent by Islamic networks operating from the UK or from Belgium. 
“These documents contained directions sent to Islamic armed groups in Algeria or in France. The messages quoted the sources of statements to be exploited in the redaction of the tracts or leaflets, or to be introduced in video or tapes to be sent to the media. The most commonly quoted sources were the United Nations, the non-aligned countries, the UNHCR and . . . Al Qaida.
“Al Qaida remained the data base of the Islamic Conference. Not all member countries of the Islamic Conference are ‘rogue states’ and many Islamic groups could pick up information from the databases. It was but natural for Osama Bin Laden to be connected to this network. He is a member of an important family in the banking and business world.
“Because of the presence of ‘rogue states,’ it became easy for terrorist groups to use the email of the database. Hence, the email of Al Qaida was used, with some interface system, providing secrecy, for the families of the mujaheddin to keep links with their children undergoing training in Afghanistan, or in Libya or in the Beqaa valley, Lebanon. Or in action anywhere in the battlefields where the extremists sponsored by all the ‘rogue states’ used to fight. And the ‘rogue states’ included Saudi Arabia. When Osama bin Laden was an American agent in Afghanistan, the Al Qaida Intranet was a good communication system through coded or covert messages.
Al Qaida was neither a terrorist group nor Osama bin Laden’s personal property . . . The terrorist actions in Turkey in 2003 were carried out by Turks and the motives were local and not international, unified, or joint. These crimes put the Turkish government in a difficult position vis-a-vis the British and the Israelis. But the attacks certainly intended to ‘punish’ Prime Minister Erdogan for being a ‘toot tepid’ Islamic politician.
” . . . In the Third World the general opinion is that the countries using weapons of mass destruction for economic purposes in the service of imperialism are in fact ‘rogue states,” specially the US and other NATO countries.
” Some Islamic economic lobbies are conducting a war against the ‘liberal” economic lobbies. They use local terrorist groups claiming to act on behalf of Al Qaida. On the other hand, national armies invade independent countries under the aegis of the UN Security Council and carry out pre-emptive wars. And the real sponsors of these wars are not governments but the lobbies concealed behind them.
“The truth is, there is no Islamic army or terrorist group called Al Qaida. And any informed intelligence officer knows this. But there is a propaganda campaign to make the public believe in the presence of an identified entity representing the ‘devil’ only in order to drive the ‘TV watcher’ to accept a unified international leadership for a war against terrorism. The country behind this propaganda is the US and the lobbyists for the US war on terrorism are only interested in making money.” (Our emphasis, Ed.)
In yet another example of what happens to those who challenge the system, in December 2001, Maj. Pierre-Henri Bunel was convicted by a secret French military court of passing classified documents that identified potential NATO bombing targets in Serbia to a Serbian agent during the Kosovo war in 1998. Bunel’s case was transferred from a civilian court to keep the details of the case classified. Bunel’s character witnesses and psychologists notwithstanding, the system “got him” for telling the truth about Al Qaeda and who has actually been behind the terrorist attacks commonly blamed on that group. It is noteworthy that that Yugoslav government, the government with whom Bunel was asserted by the French government to have shared information, claimed that Albanian and Bosnian guerrillas in the Balkans were being backed by elements of “Al Qaeda.” We now know that these guerrillas were being backed by money provided by the Bosnian Defense Fund, an entity established as a special fund at Bush-influenced Riggs Bank and directed by Richard Perle and Douglas Feith.
Magic Thermite and the 9/11 FairytaleApril 15, 2009
Smoking Mirrors – April 2009
Well… there it is in black and white and irrefutable; all three colors complementing truth. This won’t make much difference to those who have gone to such great lengths to deny the truth in the first place. The first place they deny the truth is within themselves and then they are kind enough to extend that courtesy to everyone else; lucky us.
But there it is, scientific proof from the Scholars for 9/11 Truth. This is a clarion call for the weasels and dissimulators to see what kind of lies and obfuscations they can manifest in the face of manifest truth. It’s time for the bombastic, red-faced martini addicts to rail against one more terror organization. This one appears to be terrorizing their ignorance but… it’s not just ignorance, it’s blind support of domestic terror in the service of personal gain and aggrandizement. It’s time for another chorus of the Shitshiller’s Serenade; time for another lullaby of death.
The last time I was here, I said I didn’t see much in the way of a collective human effort to change the course of the last, however many, years. Well here’s something. Here’s some change we can believe in. Here’s the opportunity to open a crack in your hardpan denial and let in some disinfecting sunlight. Because it appears that 9/11 was an Inside Job… ah…duh.
Yes, those ‘scientists’ have been as busy as a cluster of disappearing honey bees and we are going to see two guaranteed results present themselves in the coming weeks. One of them is no result at all. One of them is the possibility of a complete MSM blackout of this remarkable bit of news and the other… the other; please take your moment to laugh or weep according to your disposition. The other will be new and improved lies and rebuttals that would strain the credulity of a household pet. Unfortunately… in too many cases… this might be the smartest member of the household.
There it is people… thermite where no thermite was supposed to be and which we were told was not present but is indeed present and that means what? Well, it means a few things. It means that the people behind 9/11 who are in charge of the governments of the United States, Israel and Great Britain are going to have to have another 9/11 kind of event to counteract the brushfire that this report is going to cause around the world. The days of being able to block out the publics right to know are gone. This is going to get legs. This is something that can’t be spun.
Thank god, Mr. Small Change we can believe in is tall in the saddle of his hobby horse. They did it. Yes they did. Will we now be hearing that Bin Laden and his numberless crew of non-existent Al Qaeda slipped into the towers and planted the explosives? Maybe they are the ones who took advantage of Marvin Bush’s security firm closing down sections of the towers and security systems in the weeks preceding the attacks. This is the obvious course. The administration is now going to discover new evidence that shows Al Qaeda planted these bombs. What else can they do? Or…
They can blow up something new. Nothing takes your mind off what you were wearing yesterday like something new today. Nothing sweeps everything under the rug as well as setting another part of the house on fire. Of course… even if we do find out the truth we’ve got Chomsky to tell us, “So what?” and “It’s doesn’t matter who did it.” Now that’s what I call a left gatekeeper. I’m past imagining what it takes to be this kind of a person. I can’t imagine what it takes to be in a position of public trust and to murder those entrusted to your care. This is well outside of the parameters of what I can process and understand. Ask me how alien life is on other planets and I can probably be of more help.
Every now and then you get those great partnerships that work together so well; Tinker’s to Evers to Chance, Tippiecanoe and Tyler too, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Rodgers and Astaire, Laurel and Hardy. Here we have The Land of Liberty with The Land of Eternal Victims, joined by The Nation that Invented Slavery, engaged in what they actually do as opposed to how they present themselves. As a wise military man once said, “Every ship of state sails on a river of darkness.”
Murder for profit, combined with treason; what’s the penalty for that? Besides Hellfire, should there prove to be such a place?
What does this show us? What is the most glaring indication that we can extract from this wonderful revelation? It is the indication that much of the ancillary evidence of who is responsible is also true. It ties directly into the further efforts of the psychopaths upon the world’s stage in Afghanistan and Iraq and it points to whoever is most vocal for an assault against Iran. Why not take the time to inquire into who was responsible for orchestrating the wars mentioned and the war pending. The names and agencies you discover were also the architects of 9/11. You might want to also ask yourself if five dancing Afghanis; five dancing Iraqis or five dancing Iranians were discovered in the area of New York City on 9/11. I guess the ones who were can speak for themselves. I had to use this link because this video has been nearly scrubbed from the web. Google “Israeli MOSSAD admitting 9/11 we were trying to document 9/11” to see what I mean and listen to the closing statement on the video.
Now you must consider Guantanamo and Abu Ghraib in connection to 9/11. You must consider ‘rendition’. You must consider what you encounter passing through an airport. You must consider the expensive price of telling the truth at universities and in the workplace. You must consider the disappearance of everything you had before 9/11 occurred and you must consider that it is the people who carried out 9/11 who took these things from you. You must consider the horrendous Kafkaesque condition of those tortured at Guantanamo and around the world for information possessed only by the ones torturing them.
Then perhaps you will consider who heads Homeland Insecurity and who heads the Homeland Insecurity Committee AND you might consider which present president of the United States used to be on that committee; hint… he’s not buried in Grant’s Tomb. Then perhaps you will consider all manner of things that are hiding in plain site. If you are afraid of the truth, I can understand. It could be that possession of the truth threatens your livelihood and possibly even your freedom. It could be that you are not opposed to living in subjugation to those who caused the fears they are protecting you from. It could be that you don’t want to know because knowing might require some personal sacrifice. And there’s always the slander and mockery. Readers of this site have seen what happens when I post these articles at Zionist Occupied Slate forums as I will this one today.
Whatever one chooses to believe for whatever ones reasons may be it can no longer be denied that the official version of 9/11 is a deliberate lie whose motive was the personal gain of the principals involved. It can no longer be denied that the governments of the United States, Israel and Great Britain are the real axis of evil.
We are on the verge of enormous transformation. People are making their decisions as to whether they will embrace a lie to insure the protection of a life whose quality diminishes by the day or whether they will seek out the truth no matter the cost and perhaps find a life worth living based on a personal honor and dignity worth preserving. One thing one must surely consider, physical life is mortal. It is how you spend it that counts and… what determines the value of the life that was lived.
9/11 Was an Inside Job
Original source 
An oldie White Zimbabwean has her sayJanuary 7, 2009
Every story is different.
I am 70 years of age. My husband died on 30th May this year and I was left destitute because his only child, from a previous marriage did not want to share any inheritance. Suffice to say, I had no option but to survive and the only way I could do so was to sell my furniture, my jewellery and anything else I had just to earn some valuable USD. The house in which I live, was purchased by my husband’s company and with careful saving, growing my own vegetables and limiting myself to one meal a day, I’ve kept going.
I am luckier than most, but only because I still have the ability to ‘make a plan’. I couldn’t afford a dentist, so I pulled my own teeth. I couldn’t afford a doctor, so I stitched a dog’s bite on my arm with needle and thread. I look after an African family who have nothing – all seven of them – ensuring they get food, medication and whatever else I can find to keep them going. I have a young white family living in cottage, with their two babies – and a young bachelor, living in a thatched rondavel, whose salary doesn’t even cover his basic needs – and together we form a ‘family’ keeping our eyes out for each other and doing the best we can can to keep going.
And – yes, we old biddies ARE PROUD! We have every reason to be. The only thing I have plenty of, is loneliness and spare time, and I have already put out feelers to join up with some NGO to go to the rural areas to help with the cholera epidemic. I am not a qualitified nurse – but I care deeply and I know how desperate the situation is outside. I have not had much luck, because possibly they think me ‘too old’. But I am not! My whole life has been directed towards looking after disabled servicemen, orphans, and now the indigenous folk of this country.
The author of this article must not forget that there are those of us who are fighting -not only for our own lives – but for those of our countrymen. Most of the posh cars seen on the roads belong to Government personnel who have more than you can imagine to spend on themselves.
How did I manage it? Well, let me tell you. Before my husband passed away, he decided to sell his antique furniture and only one cabinet was sold. I held onto that money, even though it meant going hungry and bit by bit over the months that followed, I was able to keep adding to that money by painting and selling my work.
I heard of two old people who lived in a disused staff quarters. They used to own a house and a car, but found themselves with nothing when they had their land and their home stolen. A kind African let them live in a shed on his property. On their anniversary the wife went out and sold her jewellery and her wedding ring. She and her husband of over forty years decided they would have one last night out on the ‘town’ and they went to a hotel and had a great dinner, dancing to music of their past. When the ‘party was over’ they returned to the broken down shack, curled up into their blankets on the stone floor, and shared a glass of the wine they had left from their night out, and the left-overs. They poisoned themselves and they were found together holding each other in their arms as they couldn’t bear to see another day.
Remember, every story is different. I am still here. I refuse to let go. There are too many people left in this country who need compassion, care, and hope to go on.
There are organisations and charitable groups who try to help, but the solution lies with all of us here – black and white and coloured – to start caring for each other and we try! It takes more than courage,.it takes fury and grief to explode into action. I have taken in people who have had their families murdered in cold blood, and experienced such fear you cannot imagine it the enormity of it. I have sat up through the nights watching the house and listening for intruders. There are so few of us left now – hardly even 2000, as you state. But we are still here and we won’t leave until this is done.
Today, in the main city of this country I ventured, and I saw a populace of ‘stick figures’ robotically going about their business, faces closed and dull. Starvations, AIDS, cholera, anthrax,. extreme poverty, has robbed them of all hope. It was not all those years ago, we saw glossy fat women with their babies. Today I did not see one small child on the back of a mother. The High Court was empty today. No staff. So I could not get along with the Estate of my late husband, but that no longer seems so important. Everywhere we see the portrait of Robert Mugabe in every government building, but nobody looks at it much any more. Fly speckled and faded from the sun, he just hangs there as a reminder of the horrors he can impose if we don’t do what he demands.
I live not far from Government House, and in the past we could hear the screeching, wailing sirens of his entourage proclaiming ‘the master’ is in our presence. Today, there is less fanfare and more secrecy of his journeys because he is afraid – and that’s good! We’ve been afraid for too damn long. And that fear has persisted as babies died, wives abducted and hideously bludgeoned to death in nearby fields. This is Zimbabwe. I am a white widow. I have no intention of leaving this land in which I have spent my entire life. I belong here as much as my darker skinned country man. I love this country, and the people who inhabit it. And that is why I am a proud Zimbabwean. Every day we receive a small gift – be it a couple of tomatoes from someone’s garden, or a small bunch of flowers – that’s Christmas. We are poor – but we are richer in other senses nobody can understand unless they go through the torments this country has faced over many years. We yearn for some light at the end of the tunnel, but we refuse to pick up arms and kill others as we have been killed. We wait for justice, but not from us; from a Power beyond our capacity. It will come! Perhaps the world can learn from us????
To all those who live elsewhere and who have never experienced the deprivation that just one man can dole out to millions, let me tell you, it is a testing experience that does not scream out for compassion, nor for money, but hope of a better time one day. From the bottom of my heart I thank you for caring for those who cannot care for themselves. It’s this that makes the world a better place. There are many here who do what they can to make the ‘oldies’ leave this vicious world, feeling loved regardless of their colour.
This is just my story. Multiply it a thousand times – and include the human greed that makes it harder for us to withstand the hardships, but which is prevalent in all humanity regardless of race and creed. Above all, learn from it, because – but for the Grace of God there goes You.”
An old White Zimbabwean!
With warmth
Sue.
Reincarnation and the Early ChristiansJanuary 7, 2009
Near Death.com
In December, 1945, early Christian writings containing many secrets of the early Christian religion were found in upper Egypt, a location where many Christians fled during the Roman invasion of Jerusalem. Undisturbed since their concealment almost two thousand years ago, these manuscripts of Christian mysticism rank in importance with the Dead Sea Scrolls. These writings affirmed the existence of the doctrine of reincarnation being taught among the early Jews and Christians. These Christian mystics, referred to as Christian Gnostics, were ultimately destroyed by the orthodox Church for being heretics. Their sacred writings were destroyed and hidden with the belief that they would be revealed at an appropriate time in the future. The discovery in 1945 yielded writings that included some long lost gospels, some of which were written earlier than the known gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John.
Brian A. Bain, M.A., has this to say about the 1945 discovery:
“Long considered to be heretical, ancient Gnostic Christian texts unearthed this century display compelling similarities between Gnostic conceptions of life and death and modern near-death experiences. The Gnostic texts devoted extensive tracts to what readers could expect to encounter when they died. Other passages make numerous allusions to near-death-like experiences that can be realized in this life, most notably the human encounter with a divine light. The Gnostic Christian literature gives us one more example of NDEs and similar experiences in the ancient world.”
Another interesting fact comes from Edgar Cayce (a near-death experiencer) who affirmed that Gnosticism is the highest form of Christianity.
The Christian Gnostics were regarded by some as a new Jewish sect who believed they had finally found the long-awaited Messiah and not a new religion. Some of the apostles became Gnostic and because of this, Christianity could well have grown up as a Gnostic religion had it not been for their eventual persecution by the organized Church centuries later.
The Secret Teachings of Jesus
An important Christian Gnostic teaching was the “Logos“ which in Greek is translated as “the image of the Word.” It is an important concept found in the gospel of John:
“In the beginning was the Word (Logos), and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.” (John 1:1)
Logos is the part of God that acts in the world. It is the perfect unity of the human and the divine. This is affirmed by John when he wrote that “the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us.” When John stated that Jesus is the Logos, he is stating that Jesus became the Logos, the Christ. The Logos is the divine “spark” of God within humans that needs to awakened. Everyone has the “image of the Word (Logos)” within them and it is for this reason that Genesis describes humanity as created “in the image and likeness of God.” The Logos is the divine Spirit in humanity. By using the Christian Gnostic idea of the Logos, John is not only affirming the preexistence and divinity of Jesus, but he is affirming that all sons of God created in the “image of the Word” as Jesus was, preexisted in spirit before being born. In other words, every human is an incarnation of the Logos and every human has to potential of becoming like Jesus, a manifestation of the human-divine unity. Every human can be a “Christ” and because of this, every soul will eventually be drawn back to God.
The Roman Church misunderstood what the Logos was in John and incorrectly concluded from this that only Jesus is divine – the Word made flesh. The orthodox Church either rejected or ignored this Christian Gnostic concept found in John. This may have been a factor when the gospel of John was almost rejected from New Testament canon when it was being put together. This was during a time when Christian Gnosticism became an enemy of the organized Church. Nevertheless, it was the idea of the preexistence of the soul and its corresponding doctrine of reincarnation that the Roman Church had great difficulty with.
The Christian Gnostics emphasized spiritual knowledge rather blind faith as the road to salvation. They indicated that they possessed secret knowledge (i.e., “gnosis” in Greek) concerning the hidden meaning of the “resurrection.” This was a part of the secret teachings of Jesus handed down to them by the apostles. This special knowledge was restricted to people who were given the public teachings of Christianity before qualifying to be initiated and receive the secret teachings. In contrast, the very term “Catholic” means “universal”, implying that anyone could become a member of the Church by adhering to the public teachings of faith and rituals. The Christian Gnostics were harsh critics of the orthodox Church. The Christian Gnostics accused the Church of watering down the gospel in order to popularize it for the masses. The orthodox Church stressed salvation through faith alone and by the rituals of the Church.
This secret gnosis emphasized spiritual “resurrection” (i.e,. spiritual rebirth) and physical “resurrection” (i.e., reincarnation) as opposed to a resurrection defined as people sleeping in their graves until it is time their corpses to crawl out of their graves at the last day. Christian Gnostics held the view that if spiritual resurrection was not attained in one lifetime, then the soul would be subjected to as many reincarnations as it takes until spiritual rebirth is attained.
One of the great Church leaders was Clement of Alexandria in Egypt (150-211 A.D.) who indicated that he possessed the secret teaching handed down from the apostles.
In the Gnostic text entitled The Secret Gospel of Mark, one of the Christian Gnostic texts discovered in 1945, describes Jesus performing secret initiation rituals. Before the discovery of this secret gospel, our only knowledge of it came from a letter written by Clement. Clement quotes from this secret gospel and refers to it as, “a more spiritual gospel for the use of those who were being perfected.” He also states, “It even yet is most carefully guarded [by the church at Alexandria], being read only to those who are being initiated into the great mysteries.” Clement mentions elsewhere that Jesus revealed a secret teaching to those who were “capable of receiving it and being molded by it” He also affirmed that, “The gnosis (secret knowledge) itself is that which has descended by transmission to a few, having been imparted unwritten by the apostles.” (Miscell. Book VI, Chapter 7)
The existence of a secret teaching can be found in the New Testament:
“The secret of the kingdom of God has been given to you. But to those on the outside everything is said in parables so that, ‘they may be ever seeing but never perceiving, and ever hearing but never understanding…’” (Mark 4:11-12)
“He replied, “The knowledge of the secrets of the kingdom of heaven has been given to you, but not to them. Whoever has will be given more, and he will have an abundance.” (Matt. 13:11-12)
“We do, however, speak a message of wisdom among the mature, but not the wisdom of this age or of the rulers of this age, who are coming to nothing. No, we speak of God’s secret wisdom, a wisdom that has been hidden and that God destined for our glory before time began.” (1 Cor. 2:6-8)
“So then, men ought to regard us as servants of Christ and as those entrusted with the secret things of God.” (1 Cor. 4:1)
“At that time Jesus said, “I praise you, Father, Lord of heaven and Earth, because you have hidden these things from the wise and learned, and revealed them to little children. Yes, Father, for this was your good pleasure.” (Matt. 11:25-26)
Paul wrote about teachings which are taught to spiritual “babies,” teachings about righteousness for the more mature, and then teachings for the spiritually mature. Paul reveals this fact immediately after equating Melchizedek to Jesus by stating:
“We have much to say about this, but it is hard to explain because you are slow to learn. In fact, though by this time you ought to be teachers, you need someone to teach you the elementary truths of God’s word all over again. You need milk, not solid food! Anyone who lives on milk, being still an infant, is not acquainted with the teaching about righteousness. But solid food is for the mature, who by constant use have trained themselves to distinguish good from evil. (Heb. 5:11-14)
According to tradition, after the Roman invasion of Jerusalem, the author of the Gospel of Mark established a church in Alexandria, Egypt. Mark may also have been the author of a “secret gospel” containing more advanced teaching for those being initiated into the Christian mysteries. This secret gospel contains passages portraying Jesus teaching secret doctrines.
The Champion for the Secret Teachings of Jesus
As the orthodox church in Rome gained more and more political power the more it viewed secret teachings as a threat to their own public teachings. But the Church leader who made the final and greatest attempt to revive the secret teachings of Jesus within the orthodox teachings was the first Church Father named Origen (183-253 A.D.) of Alexandria in Egypt who was a disciple of Clement of Alexandra. Origen was the first person since Paul to develop a system of theology around the teachings of Jesus. His effort was the first within the orthodox church to systematize a theology on so vast a scale. Although Origen defended orthodoxy, he included in his system the wisdom of the Christian Gnostics. His theology was a perfect synthesis of “orthodox” and “gnostic” teachings and came the closest to reviving the “Lost Christianity” of the original sects, communities and schools, at a time when the Christian Gnosticism was falling into disrepute. Unfortunately, hundreds of years later, the Church declared him a heretic and his teachings as heresy mostly because they affirmed preexistence and therefore reincarnation.
Origen had this to say about the secret teachings of Jesus:
“[Jesus] conversed with His disciples in private, and especially in their sacred retreats, concerning the Gospel of God; but the words which He uttered have not been preserved, because it appeared to the evangelists that they could not be adequately conveyed to the multitude in writing or in speech… and they saw… what things were to be committed to writing, and how this was to be done, and what was by no means to be written to the multitude, and what was to be expressed in words, and what was not to be so conveyed”. (Contra Celsus, Chap. VI. 18)
Concerning these secret teachings, Clement stated:
“James the Righteous, John and Peter were entrusted by the Lord after his resurrection with the higher knowledge. They imparted it to the other apostles, to the seventy…” (Outlines Book VI)
The Theology of Christian Gnosticism
According to Gnostic theology, a series of “falling away” from the Whole that is God occurred in eternity which resulted in all that there is today. After the first “fall”, the divine consciousness descended to the level of the divided consciousness; now after another “fall”, it has fallen even further, into the depths of the unconscious; it has been “forgotten.” It is now humanity’s privilege to discover the potential realms of human existence and face the great challenge of the “ascension of consciousness” through the Man-God-Spirit transformation.
Once souls fell into the lower levels of consciousness, they became enamored of it and burned with the desire to experience the pleasures of matter. The souls then no longer wanted to disengage itself from these lower levels. Thus the world was born. From that moment souls forgot themselves. They forgot they original habitation, their true center and eternal being.
Gnosticism proceeds from one fundamental insight: this world in which we find ourselves is thoroughly and irretrievably less than holy. The soul is trapped in a prison of flesh, and the flesh is intrinsically less than divine. According to Gnostic theology, the creation of the cosmos came about as the result of a tragicomic mistake: the fall of the soul from God. Thanks to the advent of Christ in the lower realms of consciousness, the power of reconciling the fallen souls has been given to restore the One-ness and usher in the kingdom of light over the kingdom of flesh and matter. The unity of the Godhead is assured thanks to the introduction of the new uniting force, the Logos, the part of God who acts in the flesh and the material. It is important to distinguish the Logos (Christ) from the soul named Jesus. Any person has the potential of becoming a Logos but it was the soul known as Jesus who actually incarnated as a Logos and therefore became a Christ on Earth.
We, as humans, cannot comprehend the omnipotent power available to us until we utilize the Christ power. When we effectively use the divine “Christ awareness” we have the ability to help in the liberation of the imprisoned “sparks of divinity” from flesh and rejoin them to the Source. The divine plan of creation will become complete as the divine outpouring of Christ gnosis liberates humanity from ignorance. The result of this will be the redemption of all human beings.
The Christ power can only liberate souls through the call and revelation of Christ gnosis to, “Awake, remember who you are and where you come from!” But since the soul cannot by itself hear the gnosis, the Christ power resorts to elaborate strategies to create the conditions for which all souls will be saved.
Christian Gnostics felt that initiation into the Cosmic Christ gnosis is inseparable from “the light which lighteth every person coming into the world.” It is this light within, our Higher Self, which each individual must bring to at-one-ment with the divine Source if liberation is to occur.
As more and more people hear the call to “Wake up!” and attain the Christ gnosis and become liberated, their souls are received back into the bosom of Divine Consciousness. The soul becomes free from unholy flesh and the cycle of birth and rebirth. Christian Gnostics seek to achieve this by cultivating the Higher Self within people to seek reunification with the Godhead. But each soul returning to its divine source must, after death, pass through the various levels of consciousness. Sometimes Christian Gnostics describe seven of these heavenly realms, other times ten.
Christian Gnostic Writings
The quote from Jesus from the Christian Gnostic gospel, the Book of Thomas the Contender, describes Jesus teaching reincarnation:
“Watch and pray that you may not be born in the flesh, but that you may leave the bitter bondage of this life.” (Book of Thomas the Contender 9:5)
In another part of the Book of Thomas the Contender, Jesus tells the disciple Thomas that after death, those people who were once believers but have remained attached to things of “transitory beauty,” will be consumed “in their concern about life” and will be “brought back to the visible realm.”
The following quote from Jesus in the Gospel of Thomas affirms Jesus teaching reincarnation to his disciples:
“When you see your likeness, you are happy. But when you see your images that came into being before and that neither die nor become visible, how much you will bear!” (Gospel of Thomas, saying 84)
More excerpts from this very interesting gospel will be profiled later.
In the Secret Book of John, written by 185 A.D. at the latest, reincarnation is placed at the center of the discussion concerning the salvation of souls. The following is a summary of the Secret Book of John’s perspective on reincarnation.
Everyone has drunk from the water of forgetfulness and lives in a state of ignorance. Some people are able to overcome ignorance by having the life-giving Spirit descend upon them. These souls “will be saved and will become perfect,” that is, escape the cycle of birth and rebirth. John asks Jesus what will happen to those who do not attain salvation. They are hurled down “into forgetfulness” and thrown into “prison,” the Christian Gnostic symbol for a new body.
Jesus says the only way for these souls to escape is to acquire knowledge after coming from forgetfulness. A soul can accomplish this by finding a teacher who can lead the soul in the right direction:
“This soul needs to follow another soul in whom the Spirit of life dwells, because she is saved through the Spirit. Then she will never be thrust into flesh again.” (Secret Book of John 14:20)
Another Christian Gnostic book, the Pistis Sophia (Greek for “Faith Wisdom”), outlines a system of punishment and rewards that includes reincarnation. The book explains the differences in one’s fate as a result of past-life actions. A “man who curses” will be given a body that is continually “troubled in heart.” A “man who slanders” will be given an “oppressed” body. A thief will be given a “lame, crooked and blind body.” A “proud” and “scornful” man will be given “a lame and ugly body” that “everyone continually despises.” From this, we can see how this Earth, as well as hell, is a place of education through suffering.
According to the Pistis Sophia, some souls experience hell as a place of shadows and torture. However, after these souls pass through hell, they return to Earth for further experiences. Only a relatively few extremely evil souls are not permitted to reincarnate. These souls are cast into “outer darkness” until a time when they are “destroyed and dissolved.”
The Pistis Sophia combines the ideas of reincarnation and divine union in a verse beginning with the question:
“[What happens to] a man who has committed no sin, but done good persistently, but has not found the mysteries?” (Pistis Sophia)
The Pistis Sophia reveals such a soul will receive “a cup filled with thoughts and wisdom,” allowing the soul to remember its divine origin and pursue the “mysteries of the light” until it finds them and is able to “inherit the light forever.” To “inherit the light forever” is a Gnostic term for union with God.
In the Gospel of Phillip, Jesus makes a clear distinction between the resurrection of the spirit (i.e., spiritual rebirth) and the resurrection of the body (i.e., physical rebirth, reincarnation):
“People who say they will first die and then arise are mistaken. If they do not first receive resurrection while they are alive, once they have died they will receive nothing.” (Gospel of Philip 73:1-4)
In the Apocryphal book, Wisdom of Solomon, recognized as canonical by the Catholic Church, is the following verse:
“I was given a sound body to live in because I was already good.” (Wisdom of Solomon 8:19-20)
This verse raises the following question: How is it possible to get a body after you have already been good, unless reincarnation is true?
Among the works of the Christian Gnostics are some of the early gospels, including secret gospels which were not preserved in the New Testament. The Gospel of Thomas was the first gospel ever written and is considered by scholars to be the most reliable gospel. Much of this gospel contains sayings of Jesus that are contained in the four New Testament gospels.
The Christian Gnostic gospels reveal a clear and strong vision of the resurrection as a past and present event. Below is a verse from the Gospel of Thomas that shows the “resurrection” to be a past event:
“His followers said to him, ‘When will the rest for the dead take place, and when will the new world come?’ He said to them, ‘What you look for has come, but you do not know it.'” (Gospel of Thomas, saying 51)
In the verse above, Jesus says the resurrection and the kingdom are already here. In Gnostic terms, this quote from Jesus refers to a person’s past “resurrection” (i.e., physical rebirth, reincarnation) and the fact that we are already living in the kingdom of God which exists within us. Only through the Christ gnosis can this kingdom be realized and the cycle of resurrection end.
The sayings that are presented below are excerpts of the Gospel of Thomas that are not present in the gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John.
The Gospel of Thomas
“These are the secret sayings that the living Jesus spoke and Judas Thomas the Twin recorded.
Jesus said, “Whoever finds the interpretation of these sayings will not taste death.”
Jesus said, “Let one who seeks not stop seeking until one finds. When one finds, one will be disturbed. When one is disturbed, one will be amazed, and will reign over all.”
Jesus said, “If your leaders say to you, ‘Behold, the kingdom is in the sky,’ then the birds in the sky will get there before you. If they say to you, ‘It is in the sea,’ then the fish will get there before you. Rather, the kingdom is inside you and outside you. When you know yourselves, then you will be known, and will understand that you are children of the living Father. But if you do not know yourselves, then you live in poverty, and embody poverty.”
Jesus said, “Know what is within your sight, and what is hidden from you will become clear to you. For there is nothing hidden that will not be revealed.”
Jesus said, “I have thrown fire on the world and, behold, I am guarding it until it is ablaze.”
Jesus said to his disciples, “Compare me with someone, and tell me whom I am like.” Simon Peter said to him, “You are like a just angel.” Matthew said to him, “You are like a wise philosopher.” Thomas said to him, “Teacher, my mouth is utterly unable to say whom you are like.” Jesus said, “I am not your teacher. You have become intoxicated because you have drunk from the bubbling spring that I have tended.” And he took Thomas and withdrew, and told him three things. When Thomas came back to his friends, they asked him, “What did Jesus tell you?” Thomas said to them, “If I tell you even one of the things he told me, you will pick up rocks and stone me. Then fire will come forth from the rocks and devour you.”
The disciples said to Jesus, “Tell us about the end.” Jesus said, “Have you already discovered the beginning, that now you can seek after the end? For where the beginning is, the end will be. Blessed is one who stands at the beginning: that one will know the end, and will not taste death.”
Jesus said, “Blessed is one who came to life before coming to life.”
Jesus said, “If you become my disciples and hearken to my sayings, these stones will serve you.”
Jesus saw some babies nursing. He said to his disciples, “These nursing babies are like those who enter the kingdom.” They said to him, “Then shall we enter the kingdom as babies?” Jesus said to them, “When you make the two into one, when you make the inner like the outer and the outer like the inner, and the upper like the lower, when you make male and female into a single one, so that the male will not be male and the female will not be female, when you make eyes replacing an eye, a hand replacing a hand, a foot replacing a foot, and an image replacing an image, then you will enter the kingdom.”
Jesus said, “Blessed are those who are alone and chosen: you will find the kingdom. For you have come from it, and you will return there again.”
His disciples said to him, “When will the final rest for the dead take place, and when will the new world come?” He said to them, “What you look for has already come, but you do not know it.”
Jesus said, “I disclose my mysteries to those who are worthy of my mysteries. Do not let your left hand know what your right hand is doing.”
Jesus said, “Whoever knows everything but lacks within lacks everything.”
Jesus said, “If you bring forth what is within you, what you have will save you. If you do not have that within you, what you do not have within you will kill you.”
Jesus said, “I am the light that is over all things. I am all: all came forth from me, and all attained to me. Split a piece of wood, and I am there. Pick up a stone, and you will find me there.”
Jesus said, “Whoever is close to me is close to the fire, and whoever is far from me is far from the kingdom.”
Jesus said, “Images are visible to people, but the light within is hidden in the Father’s image of light. He will reveal himself, but his image is hidden by his light.”
Jesus said, “When you see a likeness of yourself, you are happy. But when you see your images that came into being before you, and that neither die nor become visible, how much you will be able to tolerate!”
Jesus said, “When you make the two into one, you will become sons of man, and when you say, ‘Mountain, move!’ it will move.”
Jesus said, “Whoever drinks from my mouth will be like me, and I shall be that person, and what is hidden will be revealed to that one.”
Jesus says, “Whoever finds self is worth more than the world.”
His disciples said to him, “When will the kingdom come?” “It will not come by looking for it. Nor will it do to say, ‘Behold, over here!’ or ‘Behold, over there!’ Rather, the kingdom of the Father is spread out on the Earth, but people do not see it.” (Gospel of Thomas)
The Apocalyptic Texts
Among the Christian Gnostic writings were no less than five separate apocalypses. Here they are.
The First Apocalypse of James contains the secret teachings of Christ that were given to James the Just, the Lord’s brother. In it, James refers to Jesus as “rabbi.” Jesus warns James to leave Jerusalem, for the city is a dwelling place of a great number of “archons” or evil angels. Jerusalem is stigmatized as the city which “gives the cup of bitterness to the sons of light.” Jesus coaches James on what to say when he is judged and challenged by the “toll collectors” of heaven in order to pass through the gates of heaven.
The Second Apocalypse of James
The Apocalypse of Adam
The Apocalypse of Peter is a record of the vision of Peter the apostle in which he speaks with Christ in the spirit. In this, Peter is clearly seen as the true successor to Christ and the founder of the Gnostic community. In the vision, Peter first sees hostile priests who seem to be intent upon stoning him and Christ to death. Next, Peter recalls the crucifixion during which Jesus stood nearby talking with him.
Peter asks, “Who is this one glad and laughing on the tree (i.e., cross)? And is it another one whose feet and hands they are striking?”
Christ replies, “He whom you saw on the tree, glad and laughing, this is the living Jesus. But this one into whose hands and feet they drive the nails is his fleshy part, which is the substitute being put to shame, the one who came into being in his likeness. But look at him and me.”
Peter seemed to realize that it would be a long time before his book was read and understood, for he writes:
“These things, then, which you saw you shall present to those of another race who are not of this age.”
He seems to be right, as this apocalypse has only just seen the light of day before we enter the age that many believe will begin with the second coming of Christ.
The Apocalypse of Paul
The Apocalypse of Paul is an account of the apostle’s ascent into heaven and what he found there, with instructions for other souls on how to conduct themselves during judgment. One of the most interesting aspects of this text is that it corresponds to events found in the New Testament and includes references to reincarnation. Several Christian Gnostic texts combine the ideas of reincarnation and union with God.
As Paul passes through the fourth heaven, he witnesses a soul being punished for murder. This soul is brought “out of the land of the dead” (i.e., Earth) by angels where three witnesses charge the soul with murder. The soul looks sorrowfully down and is cast down into a body that has been prepared for it. The book describes Paul’s journey through the heavens, which is also symbolic for the Gnostic process of union with God.
The New Testament contains a letter by the apostle Paul to the Christians in the city of Corinth, Greece, where he had founded a church on his first visit there. The Christians at this church were being divided by the teachings of so-called “false teachers” that were infiltrating the church there and Paul wrote a letter telling them to not forget what they were taught by Paul. These “false teachers” were trying to get people to follow their teachings and not Paul’s. In order to put these false teachers to shame, Paul rebukes the Corinthians by using false pride and boasting about himself and telling the church why he is more qualified than the false teachers. He tells them of his sufferings and how he was once stoned and left for dead (2 Cor. 11:23-26). The letter goes on to say:
“I must go on boasting. Although there is nothing to be gained, I will go on to visions and revelations from the Lord. I know a person in Christ who fourteen years ago was caught up to the third heaven. Whether it was in the body or out of the body I do not know – God knows. And I know that this person – whether in the body or apart from the body I do not know, but God knows – was caught up to paradise. He heard inexpressible things, things that humans are not permitted to tell.” (2 Cor. 12:1-4)
In the above passage, Paul continued his “boasting” by telling about visions and revelations he had received from the Lord. “I know a person in Christ” means that he was speaking about himself. He explained that he didn’t know if he was taken up in his body or in his spirit, but he was in paradise (“the third heaven”). This incident cannot be positively identified with a recorded event in Paul’s career, although some think this may have been when he was stoned and left for dead (Acts 14:19-20). Paul told about this incident to show that he had been uniquely touched by God.
Many people are unaware of this passage of the Bible and that it is a near-death experience which Paul had. The person who wrote most of the New Testament, the sacred writings of orthodox Christianity, had a near-death experience which he based his authority as an apostle of Christ to the Corinthian church. It can even be argued that his near-death experience directly or indirectly inspired his epistles.
The Apocalypse of Paul reveals how each soul must rise as best it can after death through a hierarchy of heavens and face the increasingly difficult challenges posed by the guardian angels of each heaven. The journey begins with Paul meeting a child on the mountain of Jericho on the way to heaven (symbolized by Jerusalem). This child turns out to be the Holy Spirit, who takes Paul first to the third heaven.
The Holy Spirit warns Paul to keep his wits about him for they are about to enter the realm of “principalities … archangels and powers and the whole race of demons.” The Holy Spirit also mentions that they will pass “one that reveals bodies to a soul-seed,” that is, the being that takes souls and plants them in new bodies for reincarnation. For the soul who wished to ascend to the highest heaven, reincarnation was to be avoided.
When Paul reaches the fourth heaven, the Holy Spirit encourages him to look down upon his body which he has left behind on the mountain of Jericho. As Paul ascends, he witnesses in the fourth heaven the judgment and punishment of another soul. He says, “I saw the angels resembling gods … bringing a soul out of the land of the dead.” The soul has been resurrected so that it can be judged, one of the four events promised for the end of the world. The angels were whipping it.
The soul spoke, saying, “What sin was it that I committed in the world?” The “toll collector” of this heavenly gate accuses the soul. The soul replies, “Bring witnesses! Let them show you in what body I committed lawless deeds.” Three bodies rise up as witnesses and accuse the soul of anger and envy, and finally murder. When the soul heard these things, it gazed downwards in sorrow … It was cast down.
At this point we expect the soul to be cast into hell, as in later Christian doctrine, but no: “the soul that had been cast down went to a body which had been prepared for it,” and was reincarnated.
Paul, somewhat shaken by this experience, was beckoned forward by the Holy Spirit and allowed to pass through the gate of the fifth heaven. Here he saw his fellow apostles and “a great angel in the fifth heaven holding an iron rod in his hand.” This angel and three other angels, with whips in their hands, scourge the souls of the dead and drive them on to judgment. Paul remains with the Holy Spirit and the gates to the sixth heaven swing open effortlessly before him.
In the sixth heaven, Paul sees a strong light shining down on him from the heaven above. He is motioned by the “toll collector” through the gates of the seventh heaven. Here, he sees “an old man filled with light and whose garment was white. His throne, which is in the seventh heaven, was brighter than the sun by seven times.” This old man bears a striking resemblance to Jehovah as he is described in the vision of Ezekiel.
The old man asks, “Where are you going, Paul?” Only reluctantly, after some encouragement from the Holy Spirit, does Paul speak with him and give the Gnostic sign he has learned. The eighth heaven then opens and Paul ascends. Here he embraces the twelve disciples, most of whom he has not met before, and together they rise to the ninth heaven. Finally, Paul reaches the tenth and highest heaven, where he is transformed.
 The Suppression of Christian Gnosticism
The Christian Gnostics believed in reincarnation and the preexistence of the soul. They refused to believe in a resurrection of corpses at the end of time. They emphasized meeting Jesus on a spiritual level to become liberated and attain permanent citizenship in heaven. The Church of Rome of the second century A.D., on the other hand, declared that those who deny a Last Day resurrection of corpses are heretics.
Many Christian Gnostics regarded themselves as part of the organized body of Christians of the early church. However, as the organized Church gained political control of the Roman Empire, the Christian Gnostics were persecuted by the organized Church and many were martyred. The Christian Gnostic tradition is one of many branches of early Christianity labeled as heretical by the early Church fathers. The Gnostic influences and writings were cut out of official Church doctrines as heresy. Because of their suspected Christian Gnostic origins, the Gospel of John and the Book of Revelation was almost rejected from the New Testament. Nevertheless, the organized Church succeeded in hiding its Christian Gnostic doctrines.
It is not surprising that the orthodox Church bishops edited out the practical spiritual knowledge which was once an integral part of Christianity and was known and practiced by the apostle Paul. For these fathers, it was far more convenient and gratifying for their egos to assert that spiritual grace could only be attained through them as Christ’s representatives on Earth. To control the masses, the political organization of the church declared that salvation was attained only through the church rituals and through the priesthood. Salvation through a personal mystical experience with Christ apart from the organized church was cast away. In a move that is very likely to have met with the disapproval of Christ himself, the worldly political aspirations of a few priests won out over the spiritual enlightenment of the many.
And as it is with any religion or movement, the successors of its founder decided which things to keep and which to throw out. The organized Church discarded the spiritual knowledge of Christian Gnosticism as being too dangerous and kept the concept of blind acceptance of church doctrine.
Ultimately, the organized Church declared Christian Gnosticism a heresy and began killing those who adhered to its doctrines. Thus the powerful Roman Church began its crusade of eliminating all rivals to its authority. Christian Gnosticism was obliterated and relatively little historical and theological information was left to fully understand early Christian history. This all changed in 1945 with the discovery of the Gnostic Christian scriptures discovered in Egypt. Then in 1947, the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls of early Jewish Gnostic writings occurred. Today, with many Christians wondering if the Second Coming of Christ is soon to happen, it may not be a coincidence that these secret writings have come to surface after two thousand years of being hidden. Finally, after two thousands years, the secret is finally out again.
“The soul has neither beginning nor end… [They] come into this world strengthened by the victories or weakened by the defeats of their previous lives” – Origen
Original source 
Also see:
The Essene Gospel of Peace I
The Essene Gospel of Peace II
The Essene Gospel of Peace III
Did New York Orchestrate The Asian Tsunami?October 17, 2008
Joe Vialls – January 5, 2005
Despite a natural human tendency to be shocked into silence by the sheer number of dead and injured across Asia on 26 December 2004, and despite also being slightly fearful of losing personal credibility because of the magnitude of the apparent crime, there are many provable irregularities in the official American tsunami story that simply have to be recorded now, or forever be lost in the sands of time.
It is beyond any doubt that a giant tidal wave (tsunami) smashed its way through South and South East Asia, and still had enough legs to continue all the way across the Indian Ocean to Africa, where it killed and injured a few hundred more. So the only question we must ask, is whether this tsunami was a natural or man-made catastrophe? A natural event would be horrifying enough, but if the tsunami was man-made, then we are unquestionably looking at the biggest single war crime in global history.
To make any sense at all of the irregularities, we must start at the very beginning, and then follow the course of events as they unfold, especially events in the immediate vicinity of the real tsunami epicenter, because the latter is quite different from the location being remorselessly peddled by the New York Times and CNN.
At midday local Australian time I faithfully recorded the magnitude and position plotted by the Jakarta Geophysical Office in Indonesia. An earthquake measuring 6.4 on the Richter scale had hit the north of the Indonesian island of Sumatra. The Jakarta Geophysical Office meticulously noted that the epicenter of the event was located 155 miles south-southwest of Aceh Province.
This location is approximately 250 miles south of the position later selected by the American NOAA, which plotted the epicenter to the north-west of Aceh, and initially claimed a Richter reading of 8.0. Alas, even that was not enough to cover the damage caused by this extraordinary event, so NOAA progressively upgraded the reading to 8.5, then to 8.9, and finally to 9.0 – at least for the present.
So, the first proven irregularities were peddled by American officials at the NOAA, who suddenly invented a new ‘flexible’ peak seismic wave for the event, of far greater magnitude than Jakarta, when the Jakarta office was located much closer at almost point-blank range. Believe me when I tell you there is no such thing as the new ‘flexible’ peak claimed by NOAA. The first seismic peak you record is the only real peak, unless of course you later manually draw in a few more peaks of your own, to match a contrived agenda. Naturally there is also only one epicenter, which was faithfully recorded by dozens of Indonesian and Indian seismographs.
Quite apart from the huge disparity in Richter values, the Indonesians and Indians were disturbed to find that the normal earthquake ‘preamble’ was missing from their seismograph charts. All this means is that the normal steadily increasing number of transverse shear “S” waves that always precede an earthquake were missing, as were later aftershocks, which likewise always accompany a naturally occurring or Tesla standing-wave generated earthquake. There were ‘warnings’ of aftershocks from the NOAA, but none actually eventuated.
To simplify matters for non-technical readers, an earthquake is always triggered by a resonant electromagnetic frequency in the range 0.5 to 12 Hertz, but it is not an instant process, because the resonant frequency must be precise. Thus as true resonance approaches, the fault line starts to tremble like a piece of rope under tension, and sends out warnings to the seismographs in the form of steadily increasing transverse shear waves.
If all you get is a cluster of “P” compression waves, then you are almost certainly looking at an underground or sub sea explosion. These were in fact the only copious seismic signals that the Indonesians and Indians received, and they looked curiously similar to those generated many years ago by large underground nuclear weapons in Nevada
We will return later to the relatively simple task of delivering a multi-megaton thermonuclear weapon to the bottom of the Sumatran Trench, and then detonating it with awesome effect, but right now we need to return to our initial task of following the trail of events and inexplicable irregularities. First we must travel south to the distant desert island of Australia, currently ruled by an obsequious Wall Street toady known as Little Johnny Howard. To the intense displeasure of many of his Australian “subjects”, Little Johnny never makes a move outside Australia unless he first receives explicit instructions from one of his New York minders. Remember this reality, because it is extremely important in terms of what Australia did next.
On the morning of 27 December, the Australian (New York owned) media was making it very clear that the most badly hit nation in the region was Sri Lanka, an island at the southern tip of India, which like Australia is a member nation of the British Commonwealth. Accordingly, Tim Costello, head of one of Australia’s largest charities, made immediate plans to fly to the area and assess the need for aid. But that same morning, Little Johnny was dancing to a very different tune, which, based on his known subservience, must have been playing down his secure telephone line from Wall Street.
In true covert manner, Little Johnny secretly dispatched two RAAF Hercules transport planes packed with supplies to Malaysia on “Stand By”, and directed two more to Darwin in Australia’s north. Please note that if Little Johnny had any humanitarian concerns at all, all four Hercules could have flown directly to Commonwealth partner Sri Lanka, where every other Australian had already been told by the media that aid was needed. But no, it wasn’t to be, and Little Johnny waited patiently for orders from New York.
The waiting period was short, and after a high-flying reconnaissance jet confirmed that the runway was clear at Medan in eastern Sumatra, all four Australian Hercules complete with troops, guns and other tackle, invaded Sumatra just south of the devastated province of Aceh. In turn, with 90% of its population killed by the tsunami, Aceh might perhaps one day soon become Indonesia’s very own Guantanamo Bay, crawling with hundreds of heavily armed Australians and Americans.
Remember carefully though, at the time these four Hercules touched down in Medan, the ordinary Australian public still had no idea that Sumatra was badly hit. Only Little Johnny knew, and of course his trusty crystal ball in New York. To hell with Sri Lanka, his bosses wanted a main base for the huge reconstruction contracts in Asia, designed to replace the failed oil theft and reconstruction in Iraq, and keep poor old Zion on its tottering New York legs for a few more weeks or months.
In the end, what the hell did it matter how many Goyim had to die? And, hey, on the credit side they’d already managed to kill more than 100,00 Muslims in Sumatra with a single tidal wave, which was partial payback for their own resounding defeats in Afghanistan and Iraq.
We will return later to the relatively simple task of delivering a multi-megaton thermonuclear weapon to the bottom of the Sumatran Trench, and then detonating it with awesome effect, but right now we need to return to our initial task of following the trail of events and inexplicable irregularities. First we must travel south to the distant desert island of Australia, currently ruled by an obsequious Wall Street toady known as Little Johnny Howard. To the intense displeasure of many of his Australian “subjects”, Little Johnny never makes a move outside Australia unless he first receives explicit instructions from one of his New York minders. Remember this reality, because it is extremely important in terms of what Australia did next.
On the morning of 27 December, the Australian (New York owned) media was making it very clear that the most badly hit nation in the region was Sri Lanka, an island at the southern tip of India, which like Australia is a member nation of the British Commonwealth. Accordingly, Tim Costello, head of one of Australia’s largest charities, made immediate plans to fly to the area and assess the need for aid. But that same morning, Little Johnny was dancing to a very different tune, which, based on his known subservience, must have been playing down his secure telephone line from Wall Street.
In true covert manner, Little Johnny secretly dispatched two RAAF Hercules transport planes packed with supplies to Malaysia on “Stand By”, and directed two more to Darwin in Australia’s north. Please note that if Little Johnny had any humanitarian concerns at all, all four Hercules could have flown directly to Commonwealth partner Sri Lanka, where every other Australian had already been told by the media that aid was needed. But no, it wasn’t to be, and Little Johnny waited patiently for orders from New York.
The waiting period was short, and after a high-flying reconnaissance jet confirmed that the runway was clear at Medan in eastern Sumatra, all four Australian Hercules complete with troops, guns and other tackle, invaded Sumatra just south of the devastated province of Aceh. In turn, with 90% of its population killed by the tsunami, Aceh might perhaps one day soon become Indonesia’s very own Guantanamo Bay, crawling with hundreds of heavily armed Australians and Americans.
Remember carefully though, at the time these four Hercules touched down in Medan, the ordinary Australian public still had no idea that Sumatra was badly hit. Only Little Johnny knew, and of course his trusty crystal ball in New York. To hell with Sri Lanka, his bosses wanted a main base for the huge reconstruction contracts in Asia, designed to replace the failed oil theft and reconstruction in Iraq, and keep poor old Zion on its tottering New York legs for a few more weeks or months.
In the end, what the hell did it matter how many Goyim had to die? And, hey, on the credit side they’d already managed to kill more than 100,00 Muslims in Sumatra with a single tidal wave, which was partial payback for their own resounding defeats in Afghanistan and Iraq.
Needless to say the Australians were merely the advance party, soon to be joined by a curiously well prepared and equipped U.S. Military, though it is doubtful that any of the officers and men involved really comprehend what is going on. Only a handful thought to question why they had been spending a whole year training for a “Humanitarian Mission”, when the whole point of the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps is normally to kill people in very large numbers. Just look at Fallujah, people, look at Fallujah.
As if by magic, the Pentagon managed to have two battle groups ready to sail at an instant’s notice from Hong Kong and Guam during the normally chaotic Christmas to New Year period. Crikey! Military discipline has come a hell of a long way since my day, when everyone including the ship’s cat was sleeping it off at some highly questionably hostelry or another. Not these 10,000+ Americans though, who must have been standing rigidly to attention beside their hammocks day and night, tugging furiously at their forelocks whenever an officer of NCO came in sight.
The next bit was superbly orchestrated, because it took place at sea, far away from the prying eyes of dock spies or imaginary KGB agents. But oops, first you have to know who was involved. Out of Hong Kong rushed team one, comprised of the nuclear-powered USS Abraham Lincoln and her escort vessels, while the far more interesting team two rushed out of Guam, led by the USS Bonhomme Richard, a marine amphibious assault carrier crammed to the gunwales with gun-toting wooden tops. And that is not all, believe me, because the Bonhomme Richard is in fact leading a veritable armada known as “Expeditionary Strike Group 5”.
Flagship USS Bonhomme Richard is accompanied by the U.S.S. Duluth, an amphibious transport dock vessel; the USS Rushmore, a landing ship dock; the guided missile cruiser USS Bunker Hill, guided missile destroyer USS Milius, and the guided missile frigate USS Thach. To take care of the underwater side of things they are joined by the nuclear hunter-killer submarine USS Pasadena, while the U.S. Coast Guard’s high-endurance cutter Munro is also tagging along, presumably to deal with Asian Customs and Excise.
Now then, though ‘Strike Group 5’ may be toting enough nuclear weapons to destroy half of the known world, and the title is perhaps lacking when viewed from a strictly humanitarian perspective, engineer chief Staff Sgt. Julio C. Dominguez says otherwise: “The Marine Service Support Group has been preparing for a humanitarian mission of this type for about 12 months now, and is more prepared for an actual mission”. Well, OK chief, but didn’t you ask why you were being trained for a mysterious humanitarian mission a year before it actually happened, especially when your day job is normally shooting Muslims full of holes?
The really sneaky (inexplicable) bit came as both battle groups entered the Indian Ocean. The USS Abraham Lincoln looked about as innocent as a carrier with 70 attack planes can look, but was already carrying 2,000 marines instead of her normal complement of around 500. That is a huge amount of grunt firepower to put on the deserted streets of Banda Aceh, especially when Wall Street normally expects these marines to die quietly for Zion in Iraq. Now then, how did they know the extra marines would be needed before team one left Hong Kong, because the surplus 1,500 marines were certainly not just standing around on Kowloon dock waiting to hitch a ride.
Then while the two battle groups (apparently) headed in two different directions across the deserted Indian Ocean, an even stranger event took place. Though Expeditionary Strike Group 5 (Humanitarian) was supposed to help the folks in Sri Lanka, the combat marines aboard the USS Bonhomme Richard transferred to amphibious transport dock vessel U.S.S. Duluth, which then split from ESG-5 and headed towards team one. So without the Indonesians really being aware of it, the (relatively) harmless and Bulky aircraft carrier USS Abraham Lincoln has been used to screen the arrival of at least 3,500 heavily-armed US Marines in tiny Aceh Province.
That more or less brings us up to date on known military activity, though yesterday an Australian television cameraman did accidentally film some of these heavily-armed US Marines (who tried to shoo him away), searching a devastated Indonesian military base for any remaining weapons. Now call me old-fashioned, but if these guys and their bosses are straight, that particular job should be left to the Indonesian Army…
I will be circumspect as to exactly how a large American thermonuclear weapon managed to arrive at the bottom of the Sumatran Trench, though all of the seismic evidence and preparedness for the resulting mission indicates strongly that this is the case. After all, we are back to the age-old question of “who benefits?”, and in this particular case, “Who is insane enough to kill more than 150,000 civilians just to hang on to power?’ Based on their past performance in Iraq and other luckless countries, it would seem that the only realistic candidates are Wolfowitz and company, striving as always to create a “One World Government”.
Certainly no other nuclear powers including Russia and China stand to gain anything at all from such an outrageous mass murder, so, as always in the end, we come back to Sherlock Holmes via the pen of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle: “When you have ruled out the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, is the truth.”
For the Zionist Cabal, obtaining a thermonuclear weapon in America is no great trick, especially when we have the precedent of 100 small ‘decommissioned’ air-to-air atomic warheads being smuggled out the Pentagon’s (civilian) back door, to form the core of the Jewish State’s current nuclear arsenal. Once a weapon system is out date and out of service, loyal uniformed US military personnel can no longer track it.
Those who wish to understand how such a seemingly small weapon could rattle a 20,000 feet-deep oceanic trench, and then force a giant tsunami right across the Indian Ocean, would do well to look at the diagram of the famous ‘Dambusters’ attacking the German dam below, most of which is self-explanatory.
The designer of the RAF’s bouncing bomb (actually called “Highball”) was a scientist called Barnes Wallace, who had already gained a formidable reputation with his Wellington bomber, which he constructed geodetically, thus enabling it to absorb enormous punishment before actually being shot out of the sky. Many Wellington returned to base literally in tatters, while many luckless cousins like the Stirling and Halifax were all too often consigned to the murky deep of the North Sea.
Wallace knew that bombing the dams vertically was a complete waste of time, and the only possibility of success lay in placing a mine hard up against the dam wall at its base. You see, water cannot be compressed, meaning that if the mine was pressed against the dam wall at the moment of detonation, part of its energy would automatically be expended on the wall itself. Too far away in the relatively shallow water, and most of the blast energy would be lost to atmosphere, in a huge exploding cloud of water of course.
Though it was obvious that the dam wall could not be destroyed by a single bomb from a single Lancaster bomber (it would weight far too much for the aircraft to get off the ground), Wallace pinned his hopes on the scientific fact that cumulative stress should do the job, and he was proved right. Though officially three of the bombs, each containing 6,500 pounds of TNT, were considered to be direct hits, one of these veered off slightly, meaning that the giant Mohne Dam was completely breached by a total of 13,000 pounds of tri-nitro toluene.
It is the incompressibility of water in particular that matters deep down in the Sumatran Trench. At the bottom you already have 10,000 pounds of pressure per square inch pressing down on your weapon of choice, and above that weapon there is a column of water 20,000 feet tall, which is what caused the pressure in the first place. Not only that. The trench narrows at the bottom, meaning that the weapon is ‘hemmed-in’, with a very real chance of moving a tectonic plate if sufficient tonnage is used.
In this particular case there was no real need to shift a tectonic plate, and science suggests that if this blast had caused such an effect, several very powerful aftershocks would have occurred, as has happened with every other major earthquake in the past. But, as previously stated, and setting aside the seemingly deliberate provocative though false warnings from the American NOAA, there has not been a single aftershock.
To force subservience on Asia, and ensure the lion’s share of incredibly lucrative reconstruction contracts, all that was needed was a very large tsunami targeted on the selected nations, which was easily within the capabilities of a large thermonuke. There is nothing new about “Sea Bursts” as they are called, and more than 30 years ago plans existed in both America and Russia to wipe out each other’s coastal cities using exactly this technique. The tidal wave from a deep sea burst is relatively clean, allowing the aggressor to take over both land and remaining buildings etc. with the minimum of delay.
If everything had gone to plan, then Indonesia, Sri Lanka and India would have been in hock to the IMF and World Bank for thirty or more years – time enough to wait for the price of oil to come down again after the lethal fiasco in Iraq. At the same time, if the Indian Government had taken the bait, the deadly Russian-Chinese-Indian-Brazilian coalition would have been dead in the water. Not a bad day’s work for a single thermonuclear weapon discreetly removed from the decommissioning process.
There are those who may claim that I have ‘left out’ the giant ExxonMobil gas fields in Aceh, but that is not the case. Certainly they are very productive sub-surface fields, and will unquestionably produce lots of gas again once the surface equipment has been repaired, but in isolation they are completely incapable of saving the New Zion from collapse. Wall Street needs giant reconstruction contracts, and plenty of them.
If I remember correctly, shortly before Christmas I received a large number of emails from various people about some “German Guy”, who apparently claimed that Wolfowitz had got hold of a critical weapon and was going to nuke Houston on either the 26 or 27 of December. I never did read the whole email, but it seems very likely that it was initially circulated by Wolfowitz or one of his ilk, as a classic disinformation distraction. Try something along the lines of “You suckers all watch Houston very carefully on 26 December, while I nuke Asia behind your backs… “
Ref:
Mild earthquake ‘like explosion’
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/4193817.stm
Original source: www.vialls.com/subliminalsuggestion/tsunami.html
Fake Terrorism: The Road to DictatorshipOctober 10, 2008
Michael Rivero – What Really Happened.com
It’s the oldest trick in the book, dating back to Roman times; creating the enemies you need.
In 70 BC, an ambitious minor politician and extremely wealthy man, Marcus Licineus Crassus, wanted to rule Rome. Just to give you an idea of what sort of man Crassus really was, he is credited with invention of the fire brigade. But in Crassus’ version, his fire-fighting slaves would race to the scene of a burning building whereupon Crassus would offer to buy it on the spot for a tiny fraction of it’s worth. If the owner sold, Crassus’ slaves would put out the fire. If the owner refused to sell, Crassus allowed the building to burn to the ground. By means of this device, Crassus eventually came to be the largest single private landholder in Rome, and used some of his wealth to help back Julius Caesar against Cicero.
In 70 BC Rome was still a Republic, which placed very strict limits on what Rulers could do, and more importantly NOT do. But Crassus had no intentions of enduring such limits to his personal power, and contrived a plan.
Crassus seized upon the slave revolt led by Sparticus in order to strike terror into the hearts of Rome, whose garrison Sparticus had already defeated in battle. But Sparticus had no intention of marching on Rome itself, a move he knew to be suicidal. Sparticus and his band wanted nothing to do with the Roman empire and had planned from the start merely to loot enough money from their former owners in the Italian countryside to hire a mercenary fleet in which to sail to freedom.
Sailing away was the last thing Crassus wanted Sparticus to do. He needed a convenient enemy with which to terrorize Rome itself for his personal political gain. So Crassus bribed the mercenary fleet to sail without Sparticus, then positioned two Roman legions in such a way that Sparticus had no choice but to march on Rome.
Terrified of the impending arrival of the much-feared army of gladiators, Rome declared Crassus Praetor. Crassus then crushed Sparticus’ army and even though Pompeii took the credit, Crassus was elected Consul of Rome the following year.
With this maneuver, the Romans surrendered their Republican form of government. Soon would follow the first Triumvirate, consisting of Crassus, Pompeii, and Julius Caesar, followed by the reign of the god-like Emperors of Rome.
The Romans were hoaxed into surrendering their Republic, and accepting the rule of Emperors.
Julius Caesar’s political opponent, Cicero, for all his literary accomplishments, played the same games in his campaign against Julius Caesar, claiming that Rome was falling victim to an internal “vast right wing” conspiracy in which any expressed desire for legislative limits on government was treated as suspicious behavior. Cicero, in order to demonstrate to the Romans just how unsafe Rome has become hired thugs to cause as much disturbance as possible, and campaigned on a promise to end the internal strife if elected and granted extraordinary powers.
What Cicero only dreamed of, Adolph Hitler succeeded in doing. Elected Chancellor of Germany, Hitler, like Crassus, had no intention of living with the strict limits to his power imposed by German law. Unlike Cicero, Hitler’s thugs were easy to recognize; they all wore the same brown shirts. But their actions were no different than those of their Roman predecessors. They staged beatings, set fires, caused as much trouble as they could, while Hitler made speeches promising that he could end the crime wave of subversives and terrorism if he was granted extraordinary powers.
The Germans were hoaxed into surrendering their Republic, and accepting the rule of Der Fuhrer. The state-sponsored schools will never tell you this, but governments routinely rely on hoaxes to sell their agendas to an otherwise reluctant public. The Romans accepted the Emperors and the Germans accepted Hitler not because they wanted to, but because the carefully crafted illusions of threat appeared to leave no other choice.
Our government too uses hoaxes to create the illusion that We The People have no choice but the direction the government wishes us to go in.
In 1898, Joseph Pulitzer’s New York World and William Randolph Hearst’s New York Journal were arguing for American intervention in Cuba. Hearst is reported to have dispatched a photographer to Cuba to photograph the coming war with Spain. When the photographer asked just what war that might be, Hearst is reported to have replied, “You take the photographs, and I will provide the war”. Hearst was true to his word, as his newspaper published stories of great atrocities being committed against the Cuban people, most of which turned out to be complete fabrications.
On the night of February 15, 1898, the USS Maine, lying in Havana harbor in a show of US resolve to protect her interests, exploded violently. Captain Sigsbee, the commander of the Maine, urged that no assumptions of enemy attack be made until there was a full investigation of the cause of the explosion. For this, Captain Sigsbee was excoriated in the press for “refusing to see the obvious”. The Atlantic Monthly declared flat out that to suppose the explosion to be anything other than a deliberate act by Spain was “completely at defiance of the laws of probability.”
Under the slogan “Remember the Maine”, Americans went to war with Spain, eventually winning the Phillipines (and annexing Hawaii along the way).
In 1975, an investigation led by Admiral Hyman Rickover examined the data recovered from a 1911 examination of the wreck and concluded that there had been no evidence of an external explosion. The most likely cause of the sinking was a coal dust explosion in a coal bunker imprudently located next to the ship’s magazines. Captain Sigsbee’s caution had been well founded.
President Franklin Delano Roosevelt needed a war. He needed the fever of a major war to mask the symptoms of a still deathly ill economy struggling back from the Great Depression (and mutating towards Socialism at the same time). Roosevelt wanted a war with Germany to stop Hitler, but despite several provocations in the Atlantic, the American people, still struggling with that troublesome economy, were opposed to any wars. Roosevelt violated neutrality with lend lease, and even ordered the sinking of several German ships in the Atlantic, but HItler refused to be provoked.
Roosevelt needed an enemy, and if America would not willingly attack that enemy, then one would have to be maneuvered into attacking America, much as Marcus Licinius Crassus has maneuvered Sparticus into attacking Rome.
The way open to war was created when Japan signed the tripartite agreement with Italy and Germany, with all parties pledging mutual defense to each other. Whereas Hitler would never declare war on the United States no matter the provocation, the means to force Japan to do so were readily at hand.
The first step was to place oil and steel embargoes on Japan, using Japan’s wars on the Asian mainland as a reason. This forced Japan to consider seizing the oil and mineral rich regions in Indonesia. With the European powers militarily exhausted by the war in Europe, the United States was the only power in the Pacific able to stop Japan from invading the Dutch East Indies, and by moving the Pacific fleet from San Diego to Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, Roosevelt made a pre-emptive strike on that fleet the mandatory first step in any Japanese plan to extend it’s empire into the “southern resource area.”
Roosevelt boxed in Japan just as completely as Crassus had boxed in Sparticus. Japan needed oil. They had to invade Indonesia to get it, and to do that they first had to remove the threat of the American fleet at Pearl Harbor. There never really was any other course open to them.
To enrage the American people as much as possible, Roosevelt needed the first overt attack by Japan to be as bloody as possible, appearing as a sneak attack much as the Japanese had done to the Russians. From that moment up until the attack on Pearl Harbor itself, Roosevelt and his associates made sure that the commanders in Hawaii, General Short and Admiral Kimmel, were kept in the dark as much as possible about the location of the Japanese fleet and it’s intentions, then later scapegoated for the attack. (Congress recently exonerated both Short and Kimmel, posthumously restoring them to their former ranks).
But as the Army board had concluded at the time, and subsequent de-classified documents confirmed, Washington knew the attack was coming, knew exactly where the Japanese fleet was, and where it was headed.
On November 29th, Secretary of State Hull showed United Press reporter Joe Leib a message with the time and place of the attack, and the New York Times in it’s special 12/8/41 Pearl Harbor edition, on page 13, reported that the time and place of the attack had been known in advance!
The much repeated claim that the Japanese fleet maintained radio silence on it’s way to Hawaii was a lie. Among other intercepts still held in the Archives of the NSA is the UNCODED message sent by the Japanese tanker Shirya stating, “proceeding to a position 30.00 N, 154.20 E. Expect to arrive at that point on 3 December.” (near HI)
President Lyndon Johnson wanted a war in Vietnam. He wanted it to help his friends who owned defense companies to do a little business. He needed it to get the Pentagon and CIA to quit trying to invade Cuba. And most of all, he needed a provocation to convince the American people that there was really “no other choice”.
On August 5, 1964, newspapers across America reported “renewed attacks” against American destroyers operating in Vietnamese waters, specifically the Gulf of Tonkin. The official story was that North Vietnamese torpedo boats launched an “unprovoked attack” on the USS Maddox while it was on “routine patrol.”
The truth is that USS Maddox was involved in aggressive intelligence gathering in coordination with actual attacks by South Vietnam and the Laotian Air Force against targets in North Vietnam. The truth is also that there was no attack by torpedo boats against the USS Maddox. Captain John J. Herrick, the task force commander in the Gulf, cabled Washington DC that the report was the result of an “over-eager” sonarman who had picked up the sounds of his own ship’s screws and panicked. But even with this knowledge that the report was false, Lyndon Johnson went on national TV that night to announce the commencement of air strikes against North Vietnam, “retaliation” for an attack that had never occurred.
President George Bush wanted a war in Iraq. Like Crassus, George Bush is motivated by money. Specifically oil money. But with the OPEC alliance failing to keep limits on oil production in the Mideast, the market was being glutted with oil pumped from underneath Iraq, which sat over roughly 1/3 of the oil reserves of the entire region.
George wanted a war to stop that flow of oil, to keep prices (and profits) from falling any further than they already had. But like Roosevelt, he needed the “other side” to make the first move.
Iraq had long been trying to acquire greater access to the Persian Gulf, and felt limited, confined to a narrow strip of land along Kuwait’s northern border, which placed Iraqi interests in close proximity with hostile Iran. George Bush, who had been covertly arming Iraq during its war with Iran, sent word via April Glaspie (1) that the United States would not intervene if Saddam Hussein grabbed a larger part of Kuwait. Saddam fell for the bait and invaded.
Of course, Americans were not about to send their sons and daughters to risk their lives for petroleum products. So George Bush arranged a hoax, using public relations firm Hill & Knowlton, which has grown rich on taxpayer money by being most industrious and creative liars! Hill & Knowlton concocted a monumental fraud in which the daughter of the Kuwaiti Ambassador to the United States, went on TV pretending to be a nurse, and related a horror story in which Iraqi troops looted the incubators from a Kuwaiti hospital, leaving the premature babies on the cold floor to die. The media, part of the swindle from the start, never bothered asking why the “nurse” didn’t just pick the babies up and wrap them in blankets or something.
Enraged by the incubator story, Americans supported operation Desert Storm, which never removed Saddam Hussein from power but which did take Kuwait’s oil off of the market for almost 2 years and limited Iraq’s oil exports to this very day. That our sons and daughters came home with serious and lingering medical illnesses was apparently not too great a price to pay for increased oil profits.
Following the victory in Iraq, yet another war appeared to be in the offing in the mineral rich regions of Bosnia. Yet again, a hoax was used to create support for military action.

The photo of Fikret Alic, a Muslim, staring through a barbed wire fence, was used to “prove” that the Bosnians were running modern day “Concentration Camps”. As the headline of “Belsen 92” indicates, all possible associations with the Nazi horrors were made to sell the necessity of sending yet more American troops into someone else’s nation.
But when German Journalists went to Trnopolje, the site of the supposed Bosnian Concentration Camp. to film a documentary, they discovered that the photo was a fake! The camp at Trnopolje was not a concentration camp but a refugee center. Nor was it surrounded by barbed wire. Careful examination of the original photo revealed that the photographer had shot the photo through a broken section of fence surrounding a tool shed. It was the photographer who was on the inside, shooting out at the refugees.
Once again, Americans had been hoaxed into support of actions they might otherwise not have agreed with (2).
While several American Presidents have willingly started wars for personal purposes, perhaps no President has ever carried it to the extreme that Bill Clinton has.
Coincident with the expected public statement of Monica Lewinsky following her testimony, Bill Clinton ordered a cruise missile attack on Sudan and Afghanistan, claiming to have had irrefutable proof that bogeyman extraordinaire (and former Afghani ally) Osama Bin Ladin was creating terrorist chemical weapons there.
Examination of the photos of the debris revealed none of the expected structures one would find in a laboratory that handled lethal weapons-grade materials. Assurances from the CIA that they had a positive soil test for biological weapons fell on their face when it was revealed that there had been no open soil anywhere near the pre-bombed facility. Sudan requested that international observers come test the remains of the factory for any signs of the nerve gas Clinton had insisted was there. None was found. The Sudanese plant was a harmless aspirin factory, and the owner has sued for damages. Later examination of the site hit in Afghanistan revealed it to be a mosque.
Meanwhile, back in Kosovo, stories about genocide and atrocities were flooding the media (in time to distract from the Sudanese embarrassments), just as lurid and sensational and as it turns out often just as fictional as most of William Randolph Hearst’s stories of atrocities against the Cubans.

Again, the government and the media were hoaxing Americans. The above photo was shown on all the American networks, claiming to be one of Slobodan Milosovic’s Migs, shot down while attacking civilians. Closer examination shows it to be stenciled in English!
Like Germany under Chancellor Hitler, there have been events in our nation which strike fear into the hearts of the citizens, such as the New York World Trade Tower bombing, the OK City Federal Building, and the Olympic Park bomb (nicely timed to divert the media from witnesses to the TWA 800 shoot down). The media has been very quick to blame such events on “radicals”, “subversives”, “vast right wing conspiracies”, and other “enemies in our midst”, no different than the lies used by Cicero and Hitler.
But on closer examination, such “domestic terrorist” events do not appear to be what they are made out to be. The FBI had an informant inside the World Trade Tower bombers, Emad Salam, who offered to sabotage the bomb. The FBI told him “no”. The so-called “hot bed” of white separatism at Elohim City, occasional home to Tim McVeigh in the weeks prior to the OK City bombing, was founded and is being run by an FBI informant!
And nobody has ever really explained what this second Ryder truck was doing in a secret camp half way from Elohim City to Oklahoma City two weeks before the bombing. (See photo below)
So, here we are today. Like the Romans of Crassus’ and Cicero’s time, or the Germans under a newly elected Hitler, we are being warned that a dangerous enemy threatens us, implacable, invisible, omnipresent, and invulnerable as long as our government is hamstrung by that silly old Bill of Rights. Already there have appeared articles debating whether or not “extraordinary measures” (i.e. torture) are not fully justified under certain circumstances such as those we are purported to face.
As was the case in Rome and Germany, the government continues to plead with the public for an expansion of its power and authority, to “deal with the crisis”.
However, as Casio watch timers are paraded before the cameras, to the stentorian tones of the talking heads’ constant dire warnings, it is legitimate to question just how real the crises is, and how much is the result of political machinations by our own leaders.
Are the terrorists really a threat, or just hired actors with bombs and Casio watches, paid for by Cicero and given brown shirts to wear by Hitler?
Is terrorism inside the United States really from outside, or is it a stage managed production, designed to cause Americans to believe they have no choice but to surrender the Republic and accept the totalitarian rule of a new emperor, or a new Fuhrer?
Once lost, the Romans never got their Republic back. Once lost, the Germans never got their Republic back. In both cases, the nation had to totally collapse before freedom was restored to the people.
Remember that when Crassus tells you that Sparticus approaches.
Remember that when thugs in the streets act in a manner clearly designed to provoke the public fear. Remember that when the Reichstagg burns down.
(1) See Prologue to a Crisis: a transcript of a meeting between Saddam Hussein and US Ambassador Glaspie shortly before Iraq’s invasion of Kuwait:
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/oldsite/article.asp?ID=51
(2) See Tears of the Mighty by Jared Israel.
http://www.emperors-clothes.com/news/film.htm
The Unspeakable Truth of 9/11September 16, 2008
by P.A. Buchanan – September 11, 2008
The ‘dots’ you are not supposed to connect…
The following is a compilation from mainstream media reports and other investigative research available on the web. (see also Paul Thompson, The Terror Timeline, 2004) Most of it never again repeated, clues, ‘dots’ never connected:
– The World Trade Center needed repair since the late 1980s, some $200 million in renovations and improvements, mostly related to removal and/or replacement of building materials declared health hazards since the Towers were built. The WTC was labeled an “asbestos bombshell”. In fact, the Port Authority thought of the WTC as a dinosaur, trying several times to get permits to demolish the buildings for liability reasons. The PA was turned down. The asbestos problem was no secret. The sole reason the complex was still up on 9/11/2001 was the cost of taking the Twin Towers down floor by floor. (http://www.thenation.com/blogs/edcut?pid=173207)
– Larry Silverstein, a New York property tycoon purchased a 99-year lease for the entire WTC complex just 6 months prior to the 9/11 attacks. That was the first time in its 33-year history the complex had ever changed ownership. Mr. Silverstein, who must have known about the asbestos problem, made a down-payment of $124 million on this $3.2 billion complex, and promptly insured it for $3.6 billion. He also covered the complex against “terrorist attacks”. In the contract Mr. Silverstein was also specifically given the right to rebuild the structures if they were destroyed. Mr. Silverstein’s first order of business as the new owner was to change the company responsible for the security of the complex. The new security company he hired was Securacom (now Stratasec). George W. Bush’s brother, Marvin Bush, was on its board of directors, and Marvin’s cousin, Wirt Walker III, was its CEO. According to public records, not only did Securacom provide electronic security for the World Trade Center, it also covered Dulles International Airport and United Airlines – two key players in the 9/11 attacks. Following the attacks, Mr. Silverstein filed two insurance claims for the maximum amount of the policy ($7.2B), based on the two — in Mr. Silverstein’s view — separate attacks. The insurance company, Swiss Re, paid Mr. Silverstein $4.6 Billion, still a princely return on a relatively paltry investment of $124 million. Incidentally, it’s worth noting that one of Mr. Silverstein’s closest friends, a person with whom it’s said he speaks almost daily by phone, is none other than former Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. It was also Mr. Netanyahu, who back in 1986 coined the phrase The War on Terror… (http://www.informationliberation.com/index.php?id=15459)
– Back in October 2000, about 11 months prior to September 11, 2001, a former Israeli Defense Force member and veteran of the 1973 Yom Kippur War overheard a conversation in Hebrew in New Jersey, “The Americans will learn what it is to live with terrorists after the planes hit the twins in September… The Arabs are so stupid. They don’t even imagine that we are using them.” (http://www.muckrakerreport.com/id387.html)
– On 9/11 at least two Israel-based employees of the instant messaging service Odigo received warnings of an imminent attack in New York City more than two hours before the first plane hit the buildings. Odigo had its U.S. headquarters two blocks from the WTC. The Odigo employees, however, did not pass the warning on to the authorities in New York City. (Washington Post, 9/27/01) Odigo, like many Israeli software companies, is based and has its Research and Development center in Herzliya, the small town north of Tel Aviv, which happens to be where the headquarters of Mossad, Israel’s intelligence service are located.
– Also on 9/11/2001 five “Middle Eastern men” were arrested in New Jersey by the FBI after having been seen on a roof top videotaping and celebrating the explosive collapses of the WTC. “It looked like they knew what was going to happen.” (Bergen Record, 9/12/01) It was later confirmed that the five detained men were in fact agents of the Israeli military intelligence, Mossad. Their “moving van” from a Weehawken, N.J. company called Urban Moving Systems tested positive for explosives. Another employee of Urban Moving Systems, reported that the majority of his co-workers were Israelis and were joking on the day of the attacks. The employee said, ‘I was in tears, and these guys were joking, and that bothered me.’ These guys (Israelis) were like, “Now America knows what we go through.” (http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/sears.html)
Dominic Suter, the Israeli owner of Urban Moving Systems, fled in haste after 9/11/2001, or was allowed to escape, to Israel before FBI agents could interrogate him. (Forward, 3/15/02)
The arrested five Israelis were released after spending just 71 days in U.S. custody. The Assistant Attorney General in charge of criminal investigations at the time was Michael Chertoff, the current head of the Dept. of Homeland Security. Chertoff, the son of Israel’s first Mossad agents, facilitated the 9-11 cover-up, is thought to be a dual national. (http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/sears.html)
One of the released Israeli agents later told Israeli radio that they had been sent to “document the event”…
(ABC News, 6/1/02)
– Carl Cameron of Fox News wrote an extensive 4-part report about Urban Moving Systems and the five Israelis. While it is no longer available at the Fox site, it has been saved in various archives on the web. (www.antiwar.com/justin/pf/p-j062402.html)
He was also told by an unnamed US official “Evidence linking these Israelis to 9/11 is classified. I cannot tell you about evidence that has been gathered. It’s classified information.”
– Senator Bob Graham (D-FL) was quoted saying: “I think there is very compelling evidence that at least some of the terrorists were assisted not just in financing – although that was part of it – by a sovereign government… It will become public at some point when it’s turned over to the archives, but that’s 20 or 30 years from now.”
( http://www.cooperativeresearch.org/entity.jsp?entity=bob_graham)
– Investigators within the DEA, INS and FBI have all told Fox News that to ‘pursue or even suggest Israeli spying… is considered career suicide’… (Fox News, 12/12/01)
– Another FBI official said to Cameron: “While I agree with you, if I say anything about US geopolitical interests with Israel, I might as well clean off my desk.” Indeed, Carl Cameron of Fox News, himself is no longer willing to address the issue, comment or even acknowledge anything about his own research into the subject…
As to Osama bin Laden’s so-called ‘confession video’, Hani Sebai, a British electronics specialist talking to the BBC, called it ‘a clear fabrication, a classic cut-and-paste job ‘ using an Osama wedding video. In an in-person interview given to the Pakistani paper Umat that was also broadcast on BBC, bin Laden denied any involvement in the 9/11 attacks. There would indeed be little incentive for someone to disavow a deed of this magnitude, for which he would be praised, to which he is supposedly dedicated to carrying through. (Ralph Schoenmann,Taking Aim, 7/12/2005)
The official investigation under the control of the neocon Philip Zelikow thwarted any attempt at discovering the truth behind the attacks. Any questioning of the official narrative, be it by victim relatives, architects, engineers, physicists or other patriotic Americans can simply be silenced as crazy ‘conspiracy theory’.
(www.911truth.org, patriotsquestion911.com, www.ae911truth.org)
The implication of the Arabs in the 9/11 attacks with the full support of the Zionist-controlled mass media gave the Israelis the perfect opportunity to sear the image of the ‘Arab terrorist’ onto the American psyche.
Former Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, was asked a day later what the attacks in New York and Washington would mean for US-Israeli relations. He said, “It’s very good”. Then he corrected himself, adding: “Well, it’s not good, but it will generate immediate sympathy for Israel from Americans”… (New York Times, 9/12/01)
“From national networks to small-town newspapers, the view that America’s terrible taste of terrorism will finally do away with even modest calls for the restraint of Israeli military attacks on Palestinian towns has become an instant, unshakable axiom… Now, support for Israel in America is officially absolute…” (Village Voice, 9/19/01)
Whether Israel and its allies here just allowed it to happen or were involved in the planning and execution, their motive was correctly identified by Neil Mackay in the Nov. 2, 2003 issue of the Scottish ‘Sunday Herald’:
“to bind America in blood and mutual suffering to the Israeli cause “.
That’s exactly why you won’t see these connections in the mainstream media, this is the truth that is really unspeakable…
(Note: Being critical of Israel is not anti-semitic or even anti-jewish, see www.jewsnotzionists.org, many traditional Jews view Zionism as antithetic to true Torah Judaism)
 
Web site note: the writer of this article is not
Pat Buchanan.
Revelations about the Twin Towers in the 9/11 Oral HistoriesSeptember 8, 2008
David Ray Griffin – www.911truth.org 
 
“[T]here was just an explosion [in the south tower]. It seemed like on television [when] they blow up these buildings. It seemed like it was going all the way around like a belt, all these explosions.”–Firefighter Richard Banaciski
 “I saw a flash flash flash [at] the lower level of the building. You know like when they demolish a building?”–Assistant Fire Commissioner Stephen Gregory
“[I]t was [like a] professional demolition where they set the charges on certain floors and then you hear ‘Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop’.”–Paramedic Daniel Rivera
The above quotations come from a collection of 9/11 oral histories that, although recorded by the Fire Department of New York (FDNY) at the end of 2001, were publicly released only on August 12, 2005. Prior to that date, very few Americans knew the content of these accounts or even the fact that they existed.
Why have we not known about them until recently? Part of the answer is that the city of New York would not release them until it was forced to do so. Early in 2002, the New York Times requested copies under the freedom of information act, but Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s administration refused. So the Times, joined by several families of 9/11 victims, filed suit. After a long process, the city was finally ordered by the New York Court of Appeals to release the records (with some exceptions and redactions allowed). Included were oral histories, in interview form, provided by 503 firefighters and medical workers.1 (Emergency Medical Services had become a division within the Fire Department.2) The Times then made these oral histories publicly available.3
Once the content of these testimonies is examined, it is easy to see why persons concerned to protect the official story about 9/11 would try to keep them hidden. By suggesting that explosions were occurring in the World Trade Center’s Twin Towers, they pose a challenge to the official account of 9/11, according to which the towers were caused to collapse solely by the impact of the airplanes and the resulting fires.
In any case, now that the oral histories have finally been released, it is time for Americans and the world in general to see what these brave men and women reported about that fateful day. If this information forces a reevaluation of the official story about 9/11, better now than later.
That said, it must be added that although these oral histories are of great significance, they do not contain the first reports of explosions in the Twin Towers. Such reports—from firefighters, reporters, and people who had worked in the towers—started becoming available right after 9/11.
These reports, however, were not widely publicized by the mainstream press and, as a result, have for the most part been known only within the “9/11 truth movement,” which has focused on evidence that seems inconsistent with the official story.
I will begin by summarizing some of those previously available reports. Readers will then be able to see that although in some respects the newly released oral histories simply add reinforcement, they also are revelatory documents: Some of the testimonies are quite stunning, even to people familiar with the earlier reports; and there are now so many testimonies that even the most skeptical reader is likely to find the cumulative effect impressive.
Previously Available Testimony Suggestive of Explosions in the Twin Towers
The day after 9/11, a story in the Los Angeles Times, referring to the south tower, said: “There were reports of an explosion right before the tower fell, then a strange sucking sound, and finally the sound of floors collapsing.”4
A story in the Guardian said that “police and fire officials were carrying out the first wave of evacuations when the first of the World Trade Centre towers collapsed. Some eyewitnesses reported hearing another explosion just before the structure crumbled. Police said that it looked almost like a ‘planned implosion.’”5
“Planned implosion” is another term for controlled demolition, in which explosives are placed at crucial places throughout a building so that, when set off in the proper order, they will cause the building to come down in the desired way. When it is close to other buildings, the desired way will be straight down into, or at least close to, the building’s footprint, so that it does not damage the surrounding buildings. This type of controlled demolition is called an “implosion.” To induce an implosion in steel-frame buildings, the explosives must be set so as to break the steel columns. Each of the Twin Towers had 47 massive steel columns in its core and 236 steel columns around the periphery.
To return now to testimonies about explosions: There were many reports about an explosion in the basement of the north tower. For example, janitor William Rodriguez reported that he and others felt an explosion below the first sub-level office at 9 AM, after which co-worker Felipe David, who had been in front of a nearby freight elevator, came into the office with severe burns on his face and arms yelling “explosion! explosion! explosion!”6
Rodriguez’s account has been corroborated by José Sanchez, who was in the workshop on the fourth sub-level. Sanchez said that he and a co-worker heard a big blast that “sounded like a bomb,” after which “a huge ball of fire went through the freight elevator.”7
Engineer Mike Pecoraro, who was working in the sixth sub-basement of the north tower, said that after an explosion he and a co-worker went up to the C level, where there was a small machine shop. “There was nothing there but rubble,” said Pecoraro. “We’re talking about a 50 ton hydraulic press–gone!” They then went to the parking garage, but found that it was also gone. Then on the B level, they found that a steel-and-concrete fire door, which weighed about 300 pounds, was wrinkled up “like a piece of aluminum foil.” Having seen similar things after the terrorist attack in 1993, Pecoraro was convinced that a bomb had gone off.8
Given these testimonies to explosions in the basement levels of the towers, it is interesting that Mark Loizeaux, head of Controlled Demolition, Inc., has been quoted as saying: “If I were to bring the towers down, I would put explosives in the basement to get the weight of the building to help collapse the structure.”9
Multiple Explosions
Some of the testimonies suggested that more than one explosion occurred in one tower or the other. FDNY Captain Dennis Tardio, speaking of the south tower, said: “I hear an explosion and I look up. It is as if the building is being imploded, from the top floor down, one after another, boom, boom, boom.”10
In June of 2002, NBC television played segments from tapes recorded on 9/11. One segment contained the following exchange, which involved firefighters in the south tower:
Official: Battalion 3 to dispatch, we’ve just had another explosion.
Official: Battalion 3 to dispatch, we’ve had additional explosion.
Dispatcher: Received battalion command. Additional explosion.11
Firefighter Louie Cacchioli, after entering the north tower lobby and seeing elevator doors completely blown out and people being hit with debris, asked himself, “how could this be happening so quickly if a plane hit way above?” After he reached the 24th floor, he and another fireman “heard this huge explosion that sounded like a bomb [and] knocked off the lights and stalled the elevator.” After they pried themselves out of the elevator, “another huge explosion like the first one hits. This one hits about two minutes later . . . [and] I’m thinking, ‘Oh. My God, these bastards put bombs in here like they did in 1993!’”12
Multiple explosions were also reported by Teresa Veliz, who worked for a software development company in the north tower. She was on the 47th floor, she reported, when suddenly “the whole building shook. . . . [Shortly thereafter] the building shook again, this time even more violently.” Then, while Veliz was making her way downstairs and outside: “There were explosions going off everywhere. I was convinced that there were bombs planted all over the place and someone was sitting at a control panel pushing detonator buttons. . . . There was another explosion. And another. I didn’t know where to run.”13
Steve Evans, a New York-based correspondent for the BBC, said: “I was at the base of the second tower . . . that was hit. . . . There was an explosion. . . . The base of the building shook. . . . [T]hen there was a series of explosions.”14
Sue Keane, an officer in the New Jersey Fire Police Department who was previously a sergeant in the U.S. Army, said in her account of the onset of the collapse of the south tower: “[I]t sounded like bombs going off. That’s when the explosions happened. . . . I knew something was going to happen. . . . It started to get dark, then all of a sudden there was this massive explosion.” Then, discussing her experiences during the collapse of the north tower, she said: “[There was] another explosion. That sent me and the two firefighters down the stairs. . . . I can’t tell you how many times I got banged around. Each one of those explosions picked me up and threw me. . . . There was another explosion, and I got thrown with two firefighters out onto the street.”15
Wall Street Journal reporter John Bussey, describing his observation of the collapse of the south tower from the ninth floor of the WSJ office building, said: “I . . . looked up out of the office window to see what seemed like perfectly synchronized explosions coming from each floor. . . . One after the other, from top to bottom, with a fraction of a second between, the floors blew to pieces.”16
Another Wall Street Journal reporter said that after seeing what appeared to be “individual floors, one after the other exploding outward,” he thought: “‘My God, they’re going to bring the building down.’ And they, whoever they are, HAD SET CHARGES. . . . I saw the explosions.”17
A similar perception was reported by Beth Fertig of WNYC Radio, who said: “It just descended like a timed explosion—like when they are deliberately bringing a building down. . . . It was coming down so perfectly that in one part of my brain I was thinking, ‘They got everyone out, and they’re bringing the building down because they have to.’”18
A more graphic testimony to this perception was provided on the film made by the Naudet brothers. In a clip from that film, one can watch two firemen describing their experiences to other firemen.
Fireman 1: “We made it outside, we made it about a block . . . .”
Fireman 2: “We made it at least two blocks and we started running.” He makes explosive sounds and then uses a chopping hand motion to emphasize his next point: “Floor by floor it started popping out . . . .”
Fireman 1: “It was as if they had detonated–as if they were planning to take down a building, boom boom boom boom boom . . . .”
Fireman 2: “All the way down. I was watching it and running. And then you just saw this cloud of shit chasing you down.”19
As these illustrations show, quite impressive testimony to the occurrence of explosions in the Twin Towers existed even prior to the release of the oral histories. As we will see, however, these oral histories have made the testimony much more impressive, qualitatively as well as quantitatively. The cumulative testimony now points even more clearly than before not simply to explosions but to controlled demolition.
 Testimonies in the Oral Histories Suggestive of Controlled Demolition
Several FDNY members reported that they heard an explosion just before the south tower collapsed. For example, Battalion Chief John Sudnik said that while he and others were working at the command post, “we heard a loud explosion or what sounded like a loud explosion and looked up and I saw tower two start coming down.”20
Firefighter Timothy Julian said: “First I thought it was an explosion. I thought maybe there was a bomb on the plane, but delayed type of thing, you know secondary device. . . . I just heard like an explosion and then a cracking type of noise, and then it sounded like a freight train, rumbling and picking up speed, and I remember I looked up, and I saw it coming down.”21
Emergency medical technician Michael Ober said: “[W]e heard a rumble, some twisting metal, we looked up in the air, and . . . it looked to me just like an explosion. It didn’t look like the building was coming down, it looked like just one floor had blown completely outside of it. . . . I didn’t think they were coming down. I just froze and stood there looking at it.”22 Ober’s testimony suggests that he heard and saw the explosion before he saw any sign that the building was coming down.
This point is made even more clearly by Chief Frank Cruthers, who said: “There was what appeared to be at first an explosion. It appeared at the very top, simultaneously from all four sides, materials shot out horizontally. And then there seemed to be a momentary delay before you could see the beginning of the collapse.”23
These statements by Ober and Cruthers, indicating that there was a delay between the explosion and the beginning of the collapse, suggest that the sounds and the horizontal ejection of materials could not be attributed simply to the onset of the collapse.
 Shaking Ground before the Collapse
As we saw earlier, some people in the towers reported that there were powerful explosions in the basements. Such explosions would likely have caused the ground to shake.
Such shaking was reported by medical technician Lonnie Penn, who said that just before the collapse of the south tower: “I felt the ground shake, I turned around and ran for my life. I made it as far as the Financial Center when the collapse happened.”24
According to the official account, the vibrations that people felt were produced by material from the collapsing towers hitting the ground. Penn’s account, however, indicates that the shaking must have occurred several seconds before the collapse.
Shaking prior to the collapse of the north tower was described by fire patrolman Paul Curran. He was standing near it, he said, when “all of a sudden the ground just started shaking. It felt like a train was running under my feet. . . . The next thing we know, we look up and the tower is collapsing.”25
Lieutenant Bradley Mann of the fire department, one of the people to witness both collapses, described shaking prior to each of them. “Shortly before the first tower came down,” he said, “I remember feeling the ground shaking. I heard a terrible noise, and then debris just started flying everywhere. People started running.” Then, after they had returned to the area, he said, “we basically had the same thing: The ground shook again, and we heard another terrible noise and the next thing we knew the second tower was coming down.”26
 Multiple Explosions
The oral histories contain numerous testimonies with reports of more than one explosion. Paramedic Kevin Darnowski, for example, said: “I started walking back up towards Vesey Street. I heard three explosions, and then we heard like groaning and grinding, and tower two started to come down.”27
Gregg Brady, an emergency medical technician, reported the same thing about the north tower, saying: “I heard 3 loud explosions. I look up and the north tower is coming down now.”28
Somewhat more explosions were reported by firefighter Thomas Turilli, who said, referring to the south tower, that “it almost sounded like bombs going off, like boom, boom, boom, like seven or eight.”29
Even more explosions were reported by Craig Carlsen, who said that while he and other firefighters were looking up at the towers, they “heard explosions coming from building two, the south tower. It seemed like it took forever, but there were about ten explosions. . . . We then realized the building started to come down.”30
“Pops”
As before, “pops” were reported by some witnesses. “As we are looking up at the [south tower],” said firefighter Joseph Meola, “it looked like the building was blowing out on all four sides. We actually heard the pops. Didn’t realize it was the falling–you know, you heard the pops of the building. You thought it was just blowing out.”31
“Pops” were also reported by paramedic Daniel Rivera in the following exchange:
Q. How did you know that it [the south tower] was coming down?
A. That noise. It was noise.
Q. What did you hear? What did you see?
A. It was a frigging noise. At first I thought it was—do you ever see professional demolition where they set the charges on certain floors and then you hear ‘Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop’? That’s exactly what–because I thought it was that. When I heard that frigging noise, that’s when I saw the building coming down.32
 Collapse Beginning below the Strike Zone and Fire
According to the official account, the “pancaking” of the floors began when the floors above the strike zone, where the supports were weakened by the impact of the airplanes and the resulting fires, fell on the floors below. Some witnesses reported, however, that the collapse of the south tower began lower than the floors that were struck by the airliner and hence lower than the fires.
Timothy Burke reported that while he was watching flames coming out of the south tower, “the building popped, lower than the fire.” He later heard a rumor that “the aviation fuel fell into the pit, and whatever floor it fell on heated up really bad, and that’s why it popped at that floor.” At the time, however, he said, “I was going oh, my god, there is a secondary device because the way the building popped. I thought it was an explosion.”33
This same twofold observation was made by firefighter Edward Cachia, who said: “As my officer and I were looking at the south tower, it just gave. It actually gave at a lower floor, not the floor where the plane hit. . . . [W]e originally had thought there was like an internal detonation, explosives, because it went in succession, boom, boom, boom, boom, and then the tower came down.”34
Other Indications of Controlled Demolition
Some witnesses reported other phenomena, beyond explosions, suggestive of controlled demolition.
The Appearance of Implosion: When a building close to other buildings is brought down by controlled demolition, as mentioned earlier, it typically implodes and hence comes straight down into, or at least close to, its own footprint, so that it does not fall over on surrounding structures.
As we saw above in the accounts that were previously available, both police and fire officials were quoted as saying that the towers seemed to implode. This perception was also stated in the oral history of Lieutenant James Walsh, who said: “The [north tower] didn’t fall the way you would think tall buildings would fall. Pretty much it looked like it imploded on itself.”35
Flashes: Another common feature of controlled demolitions is that people who are properly situated may see flashes when the explosives go off. Assistant Commissioner Stephen Gregory said: “I thought . . . before . . . No. 2 came down, that I saw low-level flashes. . . . Lieutenant Evangelista . . . asked me if I saw low-level flashes in front of the building, and I agreed with him because I . . . saw a flash flash flash . . . [at] the lower level of the building. You know like when they demolish a building, how when they blow up a building, when it falls down? That’s what I thought I saw.”36
Flashes were reported in the north tower by Captain Karin Deshore, who said: “Somewhere around the middle of the World Trade Center, there was this orange and red flash coming out. Initially it was just one flash.”37
Demolition Rings: At this point, Deshore’s account moved to another standard phenomenon seen by those who watch controlled demolitions: explosion rings, in which a series of explosions runs rapidly around a building. Deshore’s next words were: “Then this flash just kept popping all the way around the building and that building had started to explode. The popping sound, and with each popping sound it was initially an orange and then a red flash came out of the building and then it would just go all around the building on both sides as far as I could see. These popping sounds and the explosions were getting bigger, going both up and down and then all around the building.”38
An explosion ring (or belt) was also described by firefighter Richard Banaciski. Speaking of the south tower, he said: “[T]here was just an explosion. It seemed like on television [when] they blow up these buildings. It seemed like it was going all the way around like a belt, all these explosions.”39
A description of what appeared to be a ring of explosions was also given by Deputy Commissioner Thomas Fitzpatrick, who said: “We looked up at the [south tower] . . . . All we saw was a puff of smoke coming from about 2 thirds of the way up . . . . It looked like sparkling around one specific layer of the building. . . . My initial reaction was that this was exactly the way it looks when they show you those implosions on TV.”40
Horizontal Ejections: Another feature of controlled demolition, at least when quite powerful explosives are used, is that things are ejected horizontally from the floors on which the explosions occur. Such ejections were mentioned in the testimony of Chief Frank Cruthers above. Similarly, Captain Jay Swithers said: “I took a quick glance at the building and while I didn’t see it falling, I saw a large section of it blasting out, which led me to believe it was just an explosion.”41
Firefighter James Curran said: “When I got underneath the north bridge I looked back and . . . I heard like every floor went chu-chu-chu. Looked back and from the pressure everything was getting blown out of the floors before it actually collapsed.”42
Battalion Chief Brian Dixon said: “I was . . . hearing a noise and looking up. . . . [T]he lowest floor of fire in the south tower actually looked like someone had planted explosives around it because . . . everything blew out on the one floor. I thought, geez, this looks like an explosion up there, it blew out.”43
These reports by Curran and Dixon conform to what can be seen by looking at photographs and videos of the collapses, which show that various materials, including sections of steel and aluminum, were blown out hundreds of feet.44 Such powerful ejections of materials are exactly what would be expected from explosions powerful enough to cause such huge buildings to collapse.
Dust Clouds: The most visible material ejected horizontally from buildings during controlled demolition, especially buildings with lots of concrete, is dust, which forms more or less expansive dust clouds. Some of the testimonies about the collapse of the south tower mention that it produced an enormous amount of dust, which formed clouds so big and thick that they blocked out all light.
Firefighter Stephen Viola said: “You heard like loud booms . . . and then we got covered with rubble and dust, and I thought we’d actually fallen through the floor . . . because it was so dark you couldn’t see anything.”45
Firefighter Angel Rivera said: “That’s when hell came down. It was like a huge, enormous explosion. . . . The wind rushed. . . , all the dust. . . and everything went dark.”46
Lieutenant William Wall said: “[W]e heard an explosion. We looked up and the building was coming down right on top of us. . . . We ran a little bit and then we were overtaken by the cloud.”47
Paramedic Louis Cook said that after the debris started falling, “everything went black” and “you couldn’t breathe because [of] all the dust. There was just an incredible amount of dust and smoke.” He then found that there was, “without exaggerating, a foot and a half of dust on [his] car.”48
The kind of dust clouds typically produced during a controlled demolition can be seen on videos of the demolition of Seattle’s Kingdome and the Reading Grain Facility.49 If these videos are then compared with photos and videos of the collapses of the Twin Towers,50 it can be seen that the dust clouds in the latter are even bigger.51
Timed or Synchronized Explosions: Some people said that the collapses had the appearance of timed, synchronized demolitions. Battalion Chief Dominick DeRubbio, speaking of the collapse of the south tower, said: “It was weird how it started to come down. It looked like it was a timed explosion.”52
Firefighter Kenneth Rogers said: “[T]here was an explosion in the south tower. . . . I kept watching. Floor after floor after floor. One floor under another after another and when it hit about the fifth floor, I figured it was a bomb, because it looked like a synchronized deliberate kind of thing. I was there in ’93.”53
 Debates about Controlled Demolition
Given so many signs that the buildings had been brought down by controlled demolition, we might expect that debates about this issue would have taken place. And they did.
Firefighter Christopher Fenyo, after describing events that occurred after the first collapse, said: “At that point, a debate began to rage because. . . many people had felt that possibly explosives had taken out 2 World Trade, and officers were gathering companies together and the officers were debating whether or not to go immediately back in or to see what was going to happen with 1 World Trade at that point. The debate ended pretty quickly because 1 World Trade came down.”54
Firefighter William Reynolds reported on a conversation he had with a battalion chief: “I said, ‘Chief, they’re evacuating the other building; right?’ He said, ‘No.’ . . . I said, ‘Why not? They blew up the other one.’ I thought they blew it up with a bomb. I said, ‘If they blew up the one, you know they’re gonna blow up the other one.’ He said, ‘No, they’re not.’ I said, ‘Well, you gotta tell them to evacuate it, because it’s gonna fall down and you gotta get the guys out.’ . . . He said, ‘I’m just the Battalion Chief. I can’t order that.’ . . . I said, ‘You got a fucking radio and you got a fucking mouth. Use the fucking things. Empty this fucking building.’ Again he said, ‘I’m just a Battalion Chief. I can’t do that.’ . . . Eventually this other chief came back and said, ‘They are evacuating this tower.’ . . . And sometime after that . . . I watched the north tower fall.”55
As both accounts suggest, the perception that the south tower had been brought down by explosives may have resulted in fewer lives being lost in the north tower collapse than would otherwise have been the case.
 Why Testimony about Explosions Has Not Become Public Knowledge
If so many witnesses reported effects that seemed to be produced by explosives, with some of them explicitly saying that the collapses appeared to be cases of controlled demolition, why is this testimony not public knowledge? Part of the answer, as I mentioned at the outset, is that the city of New York refused to release it until forced to do so by the highest court of the state of New York
But why did we have to wait for this court-ordered release to learn about these testimonies? Should not they have been discussed in The 9/11 Commission Report, which was issued over a year earlier? This Report, we are told in the preface, sought “to provide the fullest possible account of the events surrounding 9/11.” Why does it not include any of the testimony in the 9/11 oral histories suggestive of controlled demolition?
The answer cannot be that the Commission did not know about these oral histories. Although “[t]he city also initially refused access to the records to investigators from . . . the 9/11 Commission,” Jim Dwyer of the New York Times tells us, it “relented when legal action was threatened.”56 So the Commission could have discussed the testimonies about explosions in the oral histories. It also, in order to help educate the public, could have called some of the firefighters and medical workers to repeat their testimony during one of the Commission’s public hearings. But it did not.
Why, we may wonder, have the firefighters and medical workers not been speaking out? At least part of the reason may be suggested by a statement made by Auxiliary Lieutenant Fireman Paul Isaac. Having said that “there were definitely bombs in those buildings,” Isaac added that “many other firemen know there were bombs in the buildings, but they’re afraid for their jobs to admit it because the ‘higher-ups’ forbid discussion of this fact.”57
Would we not expect, however, that a few courageous members of the fire department would have contacted the 9/11 Commission to tell their story? Indeed. But telling their story to the Commission was no guarantee that it would find its way into the final report—as indicated by the account of one fireman who made the effort.
Firefighter Louie Cacchioli, who was quoted earlier, testified in 2004 to members of the Commission’s staff. But, he reported, they were so unreceptive that he ended up walking out in anger. “I felt like I was being put on trial in a court room,” said Cacchioli. “They were trying to twist my words and make the story fit only what they wanted to hear. All I wanted to do was tell the truth and when they wouldn’t let me do that, I walked out.”58
That Cacchioli’s experience was not atypical is suggested by janitor William Rodriguez, whose testimony was also quoted earlier. Although Rodriguez was invited to the White House as a National Hero for his rescue efforts on 9/11, he was, he said, treated quite differently by the Commission: “I met with the 9/11 Commission behind closed doors and they essentially discounted everything I said regarding the use of explosives to bring down the north tower.”59
When reading The 9/11 Commission Report, one will not find the name of Cacchioli, or Rodriguez, or anyone else reporting explosions in the towers. It would appear that the Commission deliberately withheld this information, as it apparently did with regard to Able Danger60 and many other things that should have been included in “the fullest possible account of the events surrounding 9/11.”61
The definitive report about the collapse of the towers was to have been provided by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). According to Rodriguez, however, this investigative body was equally uninterested in his testimony: “I contacted NIST . . . four times without a response. Finally, [at a public hearing] I asked them before they came up with their conclusion . . . if they ever considered my statements or the statements of any of the other survivors who heard the explosions. They just stared at me with blank faces.”62
In light of this report of NIST’s response, it is not surprising to find that its final report, which in the course of supporting the official story about the collapses ignores many vital issues,63 makes no mention of reports of explosions and other phenomena suggestive of controlled demolition.
 Conclusion
It is sometimes said that the mandate of an official commission is, by definition, to support the official story. Insofar as that is true, it is not surprising that neither NIST nor the 9/11 Commission saw fit to discuss testimony suggestive of explosions in the Twin Towers, since this testimony is in strong tension with the official story.
At least most of those who offered this testimony did not, to be sure, mean to challenge the most important element in the official story about 9/11, which is that the attacks were entirely the work of foreign terrorists. For example, firefighter Timothy Julian, after saying that he “thought it was an explosion,” added: “I thought maybe there was a bomb on the plane, but delayed type of thing, you know secondary device.”64 Assistant Commissioner James Drury said: “I thought the terrorists planted explosives somewhere in the building.”65
The problem, however, is that a bomb delivered by a plane, or even a few explosives planted “somewhere in the building,” would not explain the many phenomena suggestive of controlled demolition, such as explosion rings and other features indicating that the explosions were “synchronized” and otherwise “timed.” As Mark Loizeaux, the head of Controlled Demolition, Inc., has explained, “to bring [a building] down as we want, so no one or no other structure is harmed,” the demolition must be “completely planned.” One needs “the right explosive [and] the right pattern of laying the charges.”66
The 9/11 oral histories, therefore, create a difficult question for those who defend the official story: How could al-Qaeda terrorists have gotten access to the Twin Towers for all the hours required to place all the explosives needed to bring down buildings of that size? It is primarily because they force this question that the testimony about explosions in the towers is itself explosive.
Notes
1. Jim Dwyer, “City to Release Thousands of Oral Histories of 9/11 Today,” New York Times, August 12, 2005. As Dwyer explained, the oral histories “were originally gathered on the order of Thomas Von Essen, the city fire commissioner on Sept. 11, who said he wanted to preserve those accounts before they became reshaped by a collective memory.”
2. Jim Dwyer, “Vast Archive Yields New View of 9/11,” New York Times, August 13, 2005.
3. These oral histories are available at a NYT website (http://graphics8.nytimes.com/packages/html/nyregion/20050812_WTC_GRAPHIC/met_WTC_histories_full_01.html).
4. Los Angeles Times, September 12, 2001.
5. “Special Report: Terrorism in the US,” Guardian, Sept. 12, 2001.
6. Greg Szymanski, “WTC Basement Blast and Injured Burn Victim Blows ‘Official 9/11 Story’ Sky High,” Arctic Beacon.com, June 24, 2005.
7. Greg Szymanski, “Second WTC Janitor Comes Forward With Eye-Witness Testimony Of ‘Bomb-Like’ Explosion in North Tower Basement,” Arctic Beacon.com, July 12, 2005.
8. “We Will Not Forget: A Day of Terror,” The Chief Engineer, July, 2002.
9. Christopher Bollyn, “New Seismic Data Refutes Official Explanation,” American Free Press, Updated April 12, 2004 (http://www.americanfreepress.net/09_03_02/NEW_SEISMIC_/new_seismic_.html).
10. Quoted in Dennis Smith, Report from Ground Zero: The Story of the Rescue Efforts at the World Trade Center (New York: Penguin, 2002), 18.
11. “911 Tapes Tell Horror Of 9/11,” Part 2, “Tapes Released For First Time,” NBC TV, June 17, 2002 (www.wnbc.com/news/1315651/detail.html).
12. Greg Szymanski, “NY Fireman Lou Cacchioli Upset that 9/11 Commission ‘Tried to Twist My Words,’” Arctic Beacon.com, July 19, 2005. Although the oral histories that were released on August 12 did not include one from Cacchioli, the fact that he was on duty is confirmed in the oral history of Thomas Turilli, page 4.
13. Dean E. Murphy, September 11: An Oral History (New York: Doubleday, 2002), 9-15.
14. BBC, Sept. 11, 2001.
15. Quoted in Susan Hagen and Mary Carouba, Women at Ground Zero: Stories of Courage and Compassion (Indianapolis: Alpha Books, 2002), 65-66, 68.
16. John Bussey, “Eye of the Storm: One Journey Through Desperation and Chaos,” Wall Street Journal, September 12, 2001 (http://online.wsj.com/public/resources/documents/040802pulitzer5.htm).
17. Alicia Shepard, Cathy Trost, and Newseum, Running Toward Danger: Stories Behind the Breaking News of 9/11, Foreword by Tom Brokaw (Lanham, Md.: Rowman & Littlefield, 2002), 87.
18. Quoted in Judith Sylvester and Suzanne Huffman, Women Journalists at Ground Zero (Lanham: Rowman & Littlefield, 2002), 19.
19. For the video of this conversation, see “Evidence of Demolition Charges in WTC 2,” What Really Happened (http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/wtc2_cutter.html).
20. Oral History of John Sudnik, 4 (for where to find the 9/11 oral histories of the FDNY, see note 3, above).
21. Oral History of Timothy Julian, 10.
22. Oral History of Michael Ober, 4.
23. Oral History of Frank Cruthers, 4.
24. Oral History of Lonnie Penn, 5.
25. Oral History of Paul Curran, 11.
26. Oral History of Bradley Mann, 5-7.
27. Oral History of Kevin Darnowski, 8.
28. Oral History of Gregg Brady, 7.
29. Oral History of Thomas Turilli, 4.
30. Oral History of Craig Carlsen, 5-6.
31. Oral History of Joseph Meola, 5.
32. Oral History of Daniel Rivera, 9.
33. Oral History of Timothy Burke, 8-9.
34. Oral History of Edward Cachia, 5.
35. Oral History of James Walsh, 15.
36. Oral History of Stephen Gregory, 14-16.
37. Oral History of Karin Deshore, 15.
38. Ibid.
39. Oral History of Richard Banaciski, 3-4.
40. Oral History of Thomas Fitzpatrick, 13-14.
41. Oral history of Jay Swithers, 5.
42. Oral History of James Curran, 10-11.
43. Oral History of Brian Dixon, 15. Like many others, Dixon indicated that he later came to accept the official interpretation, adding: “Then I guess in some sense of time we looked at it and realized, no, actually it just collapsed. That’s what blew out the windows, not that there was an explosion there but that windows blew out.”
44. See, for example, Eric Hufschmid’s Painful Questions: An Analysis of the September 11th Attack (Goleta, Calif.: Endpoint Software, 2002); Jim Hoffman’s website (http://911research.wtc7.net/index.html); and Jeff King’s website (http://home.comcast.net/~jeffrey.king2/wsb/html/view.cgi-home.html-.html), especially “The World Trade Center Collapse: How Strong is the Evidence for a Controlled Demolition?”
45. Oral History of Stephen Viola, 3.
46. Oral History of Angel Rivera, 7.
47. Oral History of William Wall, 9.
48. Oral History of Louis Cook, 8, 35.
49. The demolition of the Kingdome can be viewed at the website of Controlled Demolition, Inc. (http://www.controlled-demolition.com/default.asp?reqLocId=7&reqItemId=20030317140323), that of the Reading Grain Facility at ImplosionWorld.com (http://implosionworld.com/reading.html). I am indebted to Jim Hoffman for help on this and several other issues.
50. See the writings of Hufschmid, Hoffman, and King mentioned in note 44.
51. For a calculation of the energy required simply for the expansion of one of the resulting dust clouds, see Jim Hoffman, “The North Tower’s Dust Cloud” (http://911research.wtc7.net/papers/dustvolume/volume.html). Hoffman concludes that gravitational energy would have been far from sufficient.
52. Oral History of Dominick DeRubbio, 5. DeRubbio, at least professing to accept the official interpretation, added, “but I guess it was just the floors starting to pancake one on top of the other.”
53. Oral History of Kenneth Rogers, 3-4.
54. Oral History of Christopher Fenyo, 6-7.
55. Oral History of William Reynolds, 8.
56. Dwyer, “City to Release Thousands of Oral Histories of 9/11 Today.”
57. Randy Lavello, “Bombs in the Building”; Prison Planet.com (http://www.prisonplanet.com/analysis_lavello_050503_bombs.html).
58. Greg Szymanski, “NY Fireman Lou Cacchioli Upset that 9/11 Commission ‘Tried to Twist My Words'” Arctic Beacon.com, July 19, 2005.
59. Greg Szymanski, “WTC Basement Blast and Injured Burn Victim Blows ‘Official 9/11 Story’ Sky High,” Arctic Beacon.com, June 24, 2005.
60. See MSNBC, “Officer: 9/11 Panel Didn’t Pursue Atta Claim” August 17, 2005 (http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/8985244&&CM=EmailThis&CE=1), and Philip Shenon, “Navy Officer Affirms Assertions about Pre-9/11 Data on Atta,” New York Times, August 22, 2005.
61. For other items, see David Ray Griffin, The 9/11 Commission Report: Omissions and Distortions (Northampton: Interlink, 2005).
62. Greg Szymanski, “WTC Basement Blast and Injured Burn Victim Blows ‘Official 9/11 Story’ Sky High,” Arctic Beacon.com, June 24, 2005.
63. See Kevin Ryan, “Propping Up the War on Terror: Lies about the WTC by NIST and Underwriters Laboratories,” in David Ray Griffin and Peter Dale Scott, eds., 9/11 and the American Empire: Intellectuals Speak Out (Northampton, Mass.: Interlink Books, Fall 2006), and Jim Hoffman, “Building a Better Mirage: NIST’s 3-Year $20,000,000 Cover-Up of the Crime of the Century” (http://911research.wtc7.net/essays/nist/index.html).
64. Oral History of Timothy Julian, 10.
65. Oral History of James Drury, 12.
66. Liz Else, “Baltimore Blasters,” New Scientist 183/2457 (July 24, 2004), 48 (http://archive.newscientist.com/secure/article/article.jsp?rp=1&id=mg18324575.700). Surprisingly, after explaining how precisely explosives must be set to ensure that a building comes straight down, Loizeaux said that upon seeing the fires in the Twin Towers, he knew that they were “going to pancake down, almost vertically. It was the only way they could fail. It was inevitable.” Given the fact that fire had never before caused tall steel-frame buildings to collapse, let alone in a way that perfectly mimicked controlled demolition, Loizeaux’s statement was doubly puzzling. His company, incidentally, was hired to do the clean-up of the WTC site after 9/11.
67. I could not have written this essay without the amazingly generous help of Matthew Everett, who located and passed on to me most of the statements in the 9/11 oral histories quoted herein. 
 
 David Ray Griffin is professor emeritus of philosophy of religion and theology at the Claremont School of Theology and Claremont Graduate University, where he taught 31 years. He has published some 30 books, including The New Pearl Harbor: Disturbing Questions about the Bush Administration and 9/11 (Interlink Books, 2004) and The 9/11 Commission Report: Omissions and Distortions (Interlink Books, 2005).       
© David Ray Griffin.
http://www.911truth.org/article.php?story=20060118104223192
The 9/11 Solution: The Big Clue Everyone MissedJuly 21, 2008
Brasscheck TV
How the key 9/11 myths were implanted
Two major 9/11 anomalies have been thoroughly documented, specifically:
1) The stand down of US air defense on the morning of 9/11 that permitted commercial jet aircraft to fly erratically and in restricted air space without challenge
2) Overwhelming physical evidence that World Trade Center buildings #1, #2, and #7 were brought down by controlled demolition
A third significant anomaly has not been discussed, let alone acknowledged: the reporting by the major US TV news networks in the first hours few hours immediately after the attacks.
Specifically:
1. MSNBC presented an elaborately detailed story about the lifestyle and anti-US philosophy of Osama bin Laden – while both towers were still burning and long before Bin Laden had been accused by anyone.
2. Fox News featured a “man in the street” eye witness who explained in strangely formal language the science behind why the towers collapsed when most engineers and firemen were utterly baffled and in shock by what had just taken place.
3. CBS featured a Bush administration insider (and not identified as such) as a guest who actively worked to dissuade Dan Rather (and viewers) from speculating that there must have been explosive charges placed in the buildings for them to have collapsed the way they did.
How was it that these stories – based on no fact, no research and no inquirry – appeared in full blown form so quickly on US news networks and then became part of the core myths of what happened on 9/11?
Were these stories prepared in advance?
There’s an old intelligence saying that “once is happenstance, twice is coincidence, but three times is enemy action.”
Because most of these clips ran only once and were not repeated after they’d done their job, it made it difficult, if not impossible, for viewers to analyze them critically.
Now, thanks to the magic of video tape and a few people who immediately started taping the news after the attacks, we have this important evidence that at the very least these attacks appear to have been anticipated and prepared for by forces that have the ability to exert strong influence over the output of the newsrooms of major US news networks.
 

Source 
Who Brought the Slaves to America?June 30, 2008

The Man Who Would Be KingApril 15, 2008
Rixon Stewart – 2002
Like they say: appearances can be deceptive and that is certainly the case with Michael of Albany. After all you expect royalty to be somewhat distant, aloof and unapproachable – especially after having seen the Windsor’s in action – but nothing could be further from the truth with real royalty. So you might walk past Michael of Albany and not notice that he was indeed a real prince. Yet Prince Michael of Albany has a more legitimate claim to the throne of Scotland than the Windsor’s and moreover he possesses qualities that they all too obviously lack: modesty, genuine humility and a human touch that is way beyond the reach of members of the House of Windsor.
Despite recent efforts to boost their appeal by appearances in popular TV dramas, set in working class neighbourhoods, it is all too apparent that the Windsor’s are uneasy off their pedestal. Watching them it was clear that they were out of their element and the whole episode looked like a calculated attempt to appeal to the lowest common denominator. Princess Diana on the other hand would have taken to it like a natural: she possessed popular appeal and charm in abundance along with a genuine common touch that reached out to all humanity. It was a quality that quickly earned her the title: “The People’s Princess”. In contrast to the Windsor’s who expect and demand seemingly endless bowing and scraping. But then as Prince Michael points out Diana also carried a lot of Stewart blood in her veins and that, say the authors of a new book about her, is one of the reasons that she was killed.
“Princess Diana: the Hidden Evidence”, by Jon King and John Beveridge, argues its case very convincingly. With a foreword written by Prince Michael of Albany it is probably the most serious threat yet to the continued reign of the Windsor’s. As the authors contend, if Diana had married Al Fayed then her appeal backed by his millions could have laid the foundations for a rival court that would have easily eclipsed the House of Windsor. Coupled with her heritage it made her removal from public life an absolute imperative. For Diana had, via her Spencer ancestors, a direct blood tie to the Stewart’s; and that made her potential to rival the Windsor’s all the more potent because it effectively legitimised it.
That same unaffected manner is readily apparent in talking with Prince Michael of Albany. It underlines his claim, verified by genealogical records and historians, to being the direct descendant of a bloodline stretching back to the Merovingian Kings and even further to the biblical Kings David and Solomon. So it truly is a royal bloodline and despite all the trappings of monarchy it is something that the Windsor’s have very little in common with. Which is why they wanted to draw it into their bloodline and thus legitimise their claim to the British throne via a marriage to Diana. In effect she was used to infuse her bloodlines qualities to the next generation of Windsor’s, and had she dutifully played her part she would probably still be alive.
As we know though she didn’t. She spoke out and in her own independent way she became a real threat to the British establishment: all the more so because in the months prior to her death she had been in contact with the Prince Michael.
As history attests: the Windsor’s were installed with the help of continental bankers who needed a compliant Royal Household with which to usurp the British throne. So when William III came to Britain from Holland in 1689 he brought with him an army that was two thirds mercenary. Shortly thereafter the Bank of England was established along with the system of fractional reserve lending, in other words usury. And like the Federal Reserve Bank in the States the Bank of England is anything but a national institution; in reality it is a privately owned corporation that simply prints money and then lends it to the government of the day on the understanding that it will be repaid plus interest.
To complete this scam the Hanover’s were brought over and duly installed on the British throne on the death of Queen Anne in 1714. In essence establishing a confidence trick that continues to this day with the Hanover’s only changing their official title to Windsor at the height of World War 1, when its German origin sounded like a liability. So on the one hand we have the Windsor’s: the titular head of a military industrial machine that fights wars or provokes them and then supplies the armaments to fight them. While on the other hand we have banking dynasties lending money for the weapons to fight wars and then, when the fighting’s over, lending more money for reconstruction and repair. And once again it must be emphasised that the money lent by the banks does not exist until they print it and lend it, with the expectation that it will be repaid plus interest. Truly a royal scam and one that Diana began to threaten when she launched her campaign against land mines. A campaign, say authors King and Beveridge, that made her powerful enemies in the US as well as Britain and resulted in the CIA working with Britain’s MI6 in an operation that ultimately led to her fatal “accident.” Or as the authors refer to it her “judicial murder.”
Recognising the probability that the mainstream media will ignore the book co-author Jon King has embarked on a series of speaking engagements with Prince Michael to try and publicise it. However it looks like they face an uphill struggle. On the morning of their first speaking engagement, in rural Wiltshire, they were interviewed by phone by the BBC’s local radio for a live show. As Prince Michael was recounting how a CIA contact had confirmed to him that the Agency was indeed involved in Princess Diana’s assassination the phone line suddenly went dead: the interviewer had simply slammed the phone down on Prince Michael in mid sentence.
Princess Diana: The Hidden Evidence by Jon King and John Beveridge Published by SPI BOOKS ISBN: 1-56171-922-6
Affidavit of Richard TomlinsonFebruary 14, 2008
(to Judge Herve Stephan)
I, Richard John Charles Tomlinson, former MI6 officer, of Geneva, Switzerland hereby declare:
1. I firmly believe that there exist documents held by the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) that would yield important new evidence into the cause and circumstances leading to the deaths of the Princess of Wales, Mr Dodi Al Fayed, and M. Henri Paul in Paris in August 1997.
2. I was employed by MI6 between September 1991 and April 1995. During that time, I saw various documents that I believe would provide new evidence and new leads into the investigation into these deaths. I also heard various rumours, which though I was not able to see supporting documents I am confident were based on solid fact.
3. In 1992, I was working in the Eastern European Controllerate of MI6 and I was peripherally involved in a large and complicated operation to smuggle advanced Soviet weaponry out of the then disintegrating and disorganised remnants of the Soviet Union. During 1992, I spent several days reading the substantial files on this operation. These files contain a wide miscellany of contact notes, telegrams, intelligence reports, photographs etc, from which it was possible to build up a detailed understanding of the operation. The operation involved a large cast of officers and agents of MI6. On more than one occasion, meetings between various figures in the operation took place at the Ritz Hotel, Place de Vendome, Paris. There were in the file several intelligence reports on these meetings, which had been written by one of the MI6 officers based in Paris at the time (identified in the file only by a coded designation). The source of the information was an informant in the Ritz Hotel, who again was identified in the files only by a code number. The MI6 officer paid the informant in cash for his information. I became curious to learn more about the identity of this particular informant, because his number cropped up several times and he seemed to have extremely good access to the goings on in the Ritz Hotel. I therefore ordered this informants personal file from MI6’s central file registry. When I read this new file, I was not at all surprised to learn that the informant was a security officer of the Ritz Hotel. Intelligence services always target the security officers of important hotels because they have such good access to intelligence. I remember, however, being mildly surprised that the nationality of this informant was French, and this stuck in my memory, because it is rare that MI6 succeeds in recruiting a French informer. I cannot claim that I remember from this reading of the file that the name of this person was Henri Paul, but I have no doubt with the benefit of hindsight that this was he. Although I did not subsequently come across Henri Paul again during my time in MI6, I am confident that the relationship between he and MI6 would have continued until his death, because MI6 would never willingly relinquish control over such a well-placed informant. I am sure that the personal file of Henri Paul will therefore contain notes of meetings between him and his MI6 controlling officer right up until the point of his death. I firmly believe that these files will contain evidence of crucial importance to the circumstances and causes of the incident that killed M. Paul, together with the Princess of Wales and Dodi Al Fayed.
4. The most senior undeclared officer in the local MI6 station would normally control an informant of M. Paul’s usefulness and seniority. Officers declared to the local counter-intelligence service (in this case the Directorate de Surveillance Territoire, or DST) would not be used to control such an informant, because it might lead to the identity of the informant becoming known to the local intelligence services. In Paris at the time of M Paul’s death, there were two relatively experienced but undeclared MI6 officers. The first was Mr Nicholas John Andrew LANGMAN, born 1960. The second was Mr Richard David SPEARMAN, again born in 1960. I firmly believe that either one or both of these officers will be well acquainted with M Paul, and most probably also met M. Paul shortly before his death. I believe that either or both of these officers will have knowledge that will be of crucial importance in establishing the sequence of events leading up to the deaths of M. Paul, Dodi Al Fayed and the Princess of Wales. Mr Spearman in particular was an extremely well connected and influential officer, because he had been, prior to his appointment in Paris, the personal secretary to the Chief of MI6 Mr David SPEDDING. As such, he would have been privy to even the most confidential of MI6 operations. I believe that there may well be significance in the fact that Mr Spearman was posted to Paris in the month immediately before the deaths.
5. Later in 1992, as the civil war in the former Yugoslavia became increasingly topical, I started to work primarily on operations in Serbia. During this time, I became acquainted with Dr Nicholas Bernard Frank FISHWICK, born 1958, the MI6 officer who at the time was in charge of planning Balkan operations. During one meeting with Dr Fishwick, he casually showed to me a three-page document that on closer inspection turned out to be an outline plan to assassinate the Serbian leader President Slobodan Milosevic. The plan was fully typed, and attached to a yellow “minute board”, signifying that this was a formal and accountable document. It will therefore still be in existence. Fishwick had annotated that the document be circulated to the following senior MI6 officers: Maurice KENDWRICK-PIERCEY, then head of Balkan operations, John RIDDE, then the security officer for Balkan operations, the SAS liaison officer to MI6 (designation MODA/SO, but I have forgotten his name), the head of the Eastern European Controllerate (then Richard FLETCHER) and finally Alan PETTY, the personal secretary to the then Chief of MI6, Colin McCOLL. This plan contained a political justification for the assassination of Milosevic, followed by three outline proposals on how to achieve this objective. I firmly believe that the third of these scenarios contained information that could be useful in establishing the causes of death of Henri Paul, the Princess of Wales, and Dodi Al Fayed. This third scenario suggested that Milosevic could be assassinated by causing his personal limousine to crash. Dr Fishwick proposed to arrange the crash in a tunnel, because the proximity of concrete close to the road would ensure that the crash would be sufficiently violent to cause death or serious injury, and would also reduce the possibility that there might be independent, casual witnesses. Dr Fishwick suggested that one way to cause the crash might be to disorientate the chauffeur using a strobe flash gun, a device which is occasionally deployed by special forces to, for example, disorientate helicopter pilots or terrorists, and about which MI6 officers are briefed about during their training. In short, this scenario bore remarkable similarities to the circumstances and witness accounts of the crash that killed the Princess of Wales, Dodi Al Fayed, and Henri Paul. I firmly believe that this document should be yielded by MI6 to the Judge investigating these deaths, and would provide further leads that he could follow.
6. During my service in MI6, I also learnt unofficially and second-hand something of the links between MI6 and the Royal Household. MI6 are frequently and routinely asked by the Royal Household (usually via the Foreign Office) to provide intelligence on potential threats to members of the Royal Family whilst on overseas trips. This service would frequently extend to asking friendly intelligence services (such as the CIA) to place members of the Royal Family under discrete surveillance, ostensibly for their own protection. This was particularly the case for the Princess of Wales, who often insisted on doing without overt personal protection, even on overseas trips. Although contact between MI6 and the Royal Household was officially only via the Foreign Office, I learnt while in MI6 that there was unofficial direct contact between certain senior and influential MI6 officers and senior members of the Royal Household. I did not see any official papers on this subject, but I am confident that the information is correct. I firmly believe that MI6 documents would yield substantial leads on the nature of their links with the Royal Household, and would yield vital information about MI6 surveillance on the Princess of Wales in the days leading to her death.
7. I also learnt while in MI6 that one of the “paparazzi” photographers who routinely followed the Princess of Wales was a member of “UKN”, a small corps of part-time MI6 agents who provide miscellaneous services to MI6 such as surveillance and photography expertise. I do not know the identity of this photographer, or whether he was one of the photographers present at the time of the fatal incident. However, I am confident that examination of UKN records would yield the identity of this photographer, and would enable the inquest to eliminate or further investigate that potential line of enquiry.
8. On Friday August 28 1998, I gave much of this information to Judge Herve Stephan, the French investigative Judge in charge of the inquest into the accident. The lengths, which MI6, the CIA and the DST have taken to deter me giving this evidence and subsequently to stop me talking about it, suggests that they have something to hide.
9. On Friday 31 July 1998, shortly before my appointment with Judge Herve Stephan, the DST arrested me in my Paris hotel room. Although I have no record of violent conduct I was arrested with such ferocity and at gunpoint that I received a broken rib. I was taken to the headquarters of the DST, and interrogated for 38 hours. Despite my repeated requests, I was never given any justification for the arrest and was not shown the arrest warrant. Even though I was released without charge, the DST confiscated from me my laptop computer and Psion organiser. They illegally gave these to MI6 who took them back to the UK. They were not returned for six months, which is illegal and caused me great inconvenience and financial cost.
10. On Friday 7th August 1998 I boarded a Qantas flight at Auckland International airport, New Zealand, for a flight to Sydney, Australia where I was due to give a television interview to the Australian Channel Nine television company. I was in my seat, awaiting take off, when an official boarded the plane and told me to get off. At the airbridge, he told me that the airline had received a fax “from Canberra” saying that there was a problem with my travel papers. I immediately asked to see the fax, but I was told that “it was not possible”. I believe that this is because it didn’t exist. This action was a ploy to keep me in New Zealand so that the New Zealand police could take further action against me. I had been back in my Auckland hotel room for about half an hour when the New Zealand police and NZSIS, the New Zealand Secret Intelligence Service, raided me. After being detained and searched for about three hours, they eventually confiscated from me all my remaining computer equipment that the French DST had not succeeded in taking from me. Again, I didn’t get some of these items back until six months later.
11. Moreover, shortly after I had given this evidence to Judge Stephan, I was invited to talk about this evidence in a live television interview on America’s NBC television channel. I flew from Geneva to JFK airport on Sunday 30 August to give the interview in New York on the following Monday morning. Shortly after arrival at John F Kennedy airport, the captain of the Swiss Air flight told all passengers to return to their seats. Four US Immigration authority officers entered the plane, came straight to my seat, asked for my passport and identity, and then frogmarched me off the plane. I was taken to the immigration detention centre, photographed, fingerprinted, manacled by my ankle to a chair for seven hours, served with deportation papers (exhibit 1) and then returned on the next available plane to Geneva. I was not allowed to make any telephone calls to the representatives of NBC awaiting me in the airport. The US Immigration Officers – who were all openly sympathetic to my situation and apologised for treating me so badly – openly admitted that they were acting under instructions from the CIA.
12. In January of this year, I booked a chalet in the village of Samoens in the French Alps for a ten day snowboarding holiday with my parents. I picked up my parents from Geneva airport in a hire car on the evening of January 8, and set off for the French border. At the French customs post, our car was stopped and I was detained. Four officers from the DST held me for four hours. At the end of this interview, I was served with the deportation papers below (exhibit 2), and ordered to return to Switzerland. Note that in the papers, my supposed destination has been changed from “Chamonix” to “Samoens”. This is because when first questioned by a junior DST officer, I told him that my destination was “Chamonix”. When a senior officer arrived an hour or so later, he crossed out the word and changed it to “Samoens”, without ever even asking or confirming this with me. I believe this is because MI6 had told them of my true destination, having learnt the information through surveillance on my parent’s telephone in the UK. My banning from France is entirely illegal under European law. I have a British passport and am entitled to travel freely within the European Union. MI6 have “done a deal” with the DST to have me banned, and have not used any recognised legal mechanism to deny my rights to freedom of travel. I believe that the DST and MI6 have banned me from France because they wanted to prevent me from giving further evidence to Judge Stephan’s inquest, which at the time, I was planning to do.
13. Whatever MI6s role in the events leading to the death of the Princess of Wales, Dodi Al Fayed and Henri Paul, I am absolutely certain that there is substantial evidence in their files that would provide crucial evidence in establishing the exact causes of this tragedy. I believe that they have gone to considerable lengths to obstruct the course of justice by interfering with my freedom of speech and travel, and this in my view confirms my belief that they have something to hide. I believe that the protection given to MI6 files under the Official Secrets Act should be set aside in the public interest in uncovering once and for all the truth behind these dramatic and historically momentous events.
Footnote
The above testimony was made to the French inquiry into Princess Diana’s death, headed by Judge Herve Stephan and subsequently ignored by both the inquiry itself and the media. Since testifying, Britain’s security establishment has hounded Tomlinson to the point where he now lives in virtual exile in Cannes, France. However, he has not entirely disappeared and now keeps a weblog detailing his ongoing skirmishes with both French and British authorities.
 
Also see:
Princess Diana ‘Could Have Been Killed By MI6’
“Dark Forces”January 23, 2008
Rixon Stewart – January 23, 2008
Sometimes critical turning points in history are overlooked; pivotal moments are ignored or simply forgotten. But every now and then a web of deceit is deliberately woven around an event. Leaving its true significance concealed so that future generations remember it only as a piece of insignificant trivia, or maybe an item of lurid scandal, rather than a momentous historical episode.
One such example is the life and more particularly the death of Gregory Rasputin. The story of his poisoning, of how he was then shot after the poison failed to take effect, and of how he finally met his end in the waters of an icy Neva River has become legend.
According to popular myth Rasputin was a mysterious somewhat dubious man, infamous for drunken debauchery, when he took advantage of the Tsarina’s gullibility and exploited her vulnerability over her son’s ill health.
The young Tsarevich was a haemophiliac and during his episodes of bleeding Rasputin seemed, inexplicably, to be able to stop the boy haemorrhaging. It had the young Tsarevich’s doctors at a loss but earned Rasputin the Tsarina’s loyalty and devotion. It also won him influence in Russia’s imperial court. So much so that by 1916, Rasputin, a lowly born peasant held an unprecedented sway over the Russia’s ruling Romanov dynasty.
Since then his name has almost become a byword for mystery and debauchery but Rasputin’s role in the events leading up to the Russian revolution remains essentially obscured. In effect a legend has grown up around the man but the reality may be far more intriguing than the popular myth.
For Rasputin’s murder may have set the stage for some of the most significant events of the 20th century and ultimately resulted, indirectly, in the deaths of many millions more.
Until recently, the accepted version of events was that Count Felix Yusopov and three accomplices murdered Rasputin in the basement of Yusopov’s Palace in St Petersburg, late one night.
After being invited to the Moika Palace, ostensibly to meet Princess Yusopov, Rasputin was led to a basement room that had been especially prepared for the occasion. While upstairs the other conspirators played a phonograph of ‘Yankee Doodle Dandle’ and pretended to have a party, as they waited to dispose of his corpse.
First Prince Yusopov fed Rasputin cakes and Madeira laced with cyanide, which appeared to have no perceptible effect. Then, after consulting with his fellow conspirators upstairs, Prince Yussopov returned to the basement and shot Rasputin in the back, aiming for his heart. But as Yussopov leaned over to examine the apparently lifeless corpse, Rasputin suddenly revived and grabbed the horrified Prince by the throat. Struggling free, the terrified Prince ran off while a wounded Rasputin made his way out of the palace, swearing that he would tell the Tsarina of Yussopov’s murderous duplicity. On his way out via a side courtyard more shots rang out as one of Yussopov’s accomplices, Vladimir Purishkevich, shot Rasputin again, this time hitting him in the back of the head.
However, that was not the end of it. For although Yussopov and his accomplices spoke of two shots hitting Rasputin, photos from the 1916 autopsy reveal a third bullet wound, fired at close range to the forehead.
At the time two British intelligence officers, Oswald Raynor (1) and John Scales, were stationed in St Petersburg at the nearby Hotel Astoria. Raynor had been a close friend of Yussopov’s at Oxford and there are strong indications that he was with Prince Yussopov’s accomplices monitoring events; while downstairs Prince Yussopov himself was pouring Rasputin cyanide laced Madeira.

Above: Yusopov’s palace in St Petersburg
“Dark Forces”
According to Richard Cullen, a retired Scotland Yard commander who has been studying the case with Andrew Cook, an intelligence historian, British intelligence even had a code word for Rasputin. With charecteristic cynicism they referred to him as “Dark Forces” and it was almost certain that Oswald Raynor delivered the third and final shot to Rasputin’s head.
“I am 99.9 per cent certain of this,” said Mr Cullen in a recent interview. “There is a fair weight of evidence to show that Rayner was the man. We have conclusive proof that the previously accepted versions of events are fabrications.”(2)
Indeed the presence of British Intelligence was crucial to the whole operation. Had they not been there, Yusopov and his accomplices may well have lost their nerve. As it was though, they completed their task under the direction of Britain’s Secret Intelligence Service (S.I.S.), the forerunner of today’s MI5 and MI6.
Despite claims that British intelligence wanted to get rid of Rasputin because he was urging that Russia make peace with Germany, his murder was probably part of a longer term and altogether more sinister agenda.
Prince Yuspov was probably first spotted a few years previously while he was at Oxford University, which like Cambridge had become a fertile recruiting ground for British Intelligence. Not only was Prince Yusopov the second richest man in Russia, after the Tsar, he was also close to Russia’s imperial family and as such would have been viewed as a potential asset to be groomed for later use. Future generations of spies, such as Kim Philby, Guy Burgess and Anthony Blunt, were all recruited while studying at Cambridge. No matter that all were to turn double agents, as we shall see, at the very highest level there is little to distinguish those who are working for ‘communism’ and those who work for ‘capitalism’.
Moreover, like Blunt, Burgess and Philby and at least one of his co-conspirators, Grand Duke Dimitri Pavolovich, Prince Yusopov was also a homosexual. This was probably what led him into the thrall of the British Intelligence community in the first place, where homosexuality is still something of a recruitment trademark.
In fact an examination of the role later played by Anthony Blunt reveals surprising parallels with Prince Yusopov. Both men were related to royalty. Both were homosexuals and both were associated with lavish art collections. The Yusopov’s were avid collectors and the family’s art and antique collection was one of the most prized in Europe. While Anthony Blunt was distantly related to the monarch and official keeper of the royal family’s art collection; a position he held even after he was exposed as a traitor, having betrayed British secrets to the Soviet Union in the 40’s and early 1950’s.
But as already noted, at the highest levels there is little to distinguish those who work for ‘capitalism’ and those who labour for ‘communism’. Despite the different names and apparent ideological differences, they both serve the same overriding agenda.
Amazingly however, it was not the gunshot wounds that finally finished Rasputin. The 1916 autopsy, the results of which were reviewed and verified in 1990, reveal that Rasputin did not actually die at Yusopov’s Moiko Palace.
According to Professor Sharov, Russia’s foremost pathologist, who carried out the second investigation, the third shot had been fired point blank at Rasputin’s forehead – the hallmark of a professional execution style killing. Yet somehow he had survived even that. Water in his lungs indicates death by drowning, after his body was dumped in to the freezing waters of the Neva.
However this was not the first attempt on Rasputin’s life. In June 1914 – significantly perhaps, on the very same day that Archduke Franz Ferdinand was assassinated in Sarajevo – a religious fanatic had stabbed Rasputin. Although he recovered, the attack left Rasputin an invalid for months afterwards.
So from where did Rasputin derive such phenomenal resilience? This writer would suggest that Rasputin possessed an abundance of what the Chinese call Chi or Life Force. It was this that enabled him to help the young Tsar when the Imperial family’s doctors were unable to do anything. For like any real healer, Rasputin was able to transmit this Life Force to the young Tsar and thus restore his ailing body.
Apart from explaining Rasputin’s resilience to apparently life-threatening injuries and his ability to heal, it also accounts for his notorious sexual appetite. For in its unrefined state, an abundance of Chi or Life Force also manifests as abundant sexual energy.
Thus reports of Rasputin’s unrestrained sexual appetite may well have an esoteric explanation. However this writer believes that while stories of his sexual endeavours contain a strong element of truth, they distract from the real significance of events surrounding his death.

The “Chosen”
When the Archimandrite Theophan first presented him to the Tsar and Tsarina in October 1905, Rasputin was introduced as one of the “Chosen”. And the Archimandrite may well have been right, although maybe not quite in the way he understood. For this writer believes that Rasputin was an initiate: a man chosen by higher powers to fulfil a task in this world. The fact that he didn’t accomplish this task is more a measure of the forces he opposed, and the task he undertook, than of the man himself.
For Rasputin had a destiny which few can envy or aspire to. Had he fulfilled it he would have changed the course of history, literally. For in the years prior to the revolution, Rasputin was quietly trying to persuade Russia’s imperial rulers to sue for peace with Germany.
Too many ordinary Russians were dying, he told them and the Tsarina, at least, was listening.
At the time Russia had suffered a series of colossal defeats at the hands of the Germany army. Coupled with food shortages and political agitation, a climate of political unrest was brewing that eventually led to the 1917 Russian revolution.
However, if Rasputin had been able to persuade the Romanov’s to make peace with Germany things might have been very different. Russian troops would have then returned home and political tensions might have eased to the point that there may not even have been a revolution. And the consequences of that would have been enormous.
Just think about that for a moment, because the entire face of the twentieth century would have been transformed. Not only would hostilities have been brought to a close on the eastern front, but also with troops and supplies from the Eastern Front transferred across Europe, Germany may even have secured victory on the Western Front.
Moreover, the ramifications stretch well beyond World War I and the 1917 Russian revolution. For example there may never have been a Second World War or a Chinese revolution. And along with Vietnam and Korea, the numerous other regional conflicts that marked the Cold War may never have happened.
The same applies to the founding of Israel and the various conflicts in the Middle East that followed that.
So if Rasputin had persuaded Russia’s imperial family to sue for peace much of what characterised the last century may never have happened. Which is why it was of the utmost importance for the Illuminati to stop him.
Had he succeeded, Rasputin would have struck at the very heart of their power. Which in essence, is founded on a principle so compelling and persuasive because it is so simple: turn brother against brother, one nation against another, sell them arms, then fuel their animosity and profit from the resulting conflict. In short, divide and rule.
Rasputin’s murder was only one part of a much bigger picture, however. As malign forces were manoeuvring around the one man who could have prevented a revolution, on the other side of the Atlantic some of Wall Street’s biggest financiers were preparing to fund Russia’s exiled revolutionaries. One such was Jacob Schiff, Chairman of the banking house Kuhn, Loeb & Co. and a minion of the Rothschilds. According to his grandson, John Schiff, in an admission to New York Journal American, Jacob Schiff “sank about 20 million dollars for the final triumph of Bolshevism”. (3)
Meanwhile President Woodrow Wilson provided the exiled Leon Trotsky with an American passport; thus allowing him to return to Russia unhindered aboard the S.S. Kristianiafjord on March 26, 1917.
The following month, Lenin too returned from exile in Germany via Stockholm. Travelling back on the train with him, it is said, were gold bars to finance the revolution and twenty men armed with Tommy guns’, then a ‘state of the art’ weapon. Also on board were Lenin’s travelling companions, mostly Jewish extremists many of whom were to play critical roles in the October revolution.
So step-by-step, one after another, the pieces were being put into place for a revolution that would transform Russia and ultimately the world, for the rest of the century.
Conclusion
While the past can be seen from a superficial viewpoint, history unfolds, with much deeper and often darker undercurrents concealed from view. In this case a hidden alliance between two entirely different power groups both of which, one would have thought, should have opposed the October revolution.
In reality though they didn’t: working hand in glove, they brought about the pivotal event of the last century. On the one hand, European blue bloods: in particular Britain’s Royal Family who were directly related to the Russian Imperial house did all they could to aid their overthrow. Not only did they refuse to help their Russian cousins when they most needed it. They were also the nominal heads of the Secret Intelligence Service, the organisation that orchestrated the killing of the one man who might have prevented the revolution.
While on the other hand banking dynasties, largely Jewish, financed revolutionaries and paid political agitators, once again largely Jewish, to help foment a climate of political discontent.
Of course, it would be a mistake to blame the “Jews” just as it would be to blame ordinary Britons or Americans. For behind the 1917 Russian revolution were a hybrid elite of Jewish bankers and Anglo-American blue bloods, with loyalty to no one and a readiness to sacrifice even their own kind in the pursuit of power.
Indeed, a preoccupation with the threat posed by the Jews probably contributed to the ultimate downfall of the Romanov’s. In the early years of the twentieth century the ‘Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion’ created a sensation, as it seemed to expose a Jewish conspiracy for world domination. Although many have tried to dismiss it as a forgery, the ‘Protocols’ helped focus attention on the threat posed by a Jewish conspiracy; while diverting attention from the very real threat posed by another faction in the alliance: the Anglo-American elite. So that when the fatal blows were finally struck they came from where they were least expected: not from Jewish extremists but from the Romanov’s own cousins, the British Royal Family.
But then treachery and deceit are the very means by which this dark alliance furthers its own power. Just as it once used Prince Yusopov, the man who took the blame for killing Rasputin, and who ended his final days as an exile in Paris.
Living out the role of the “man who killed Rasputin”, Yusopov was to tell numerous stories about the event. Often contradictory, they served to throw a veil of disinformation and deceit about the actual killing. For although the ageing homosexual and transvestite implied that Rasputin was secretly in love with him, which is probably yet more disinformation, never once did he even hint at the involvement of the British Secret Intelligence Service in Rasputin’s murder. Like the good intelligence asset he was, that secret went with Prince Yussopov to the grave.
Epilogue
A few days before his murder on December 16, 1916, Rasputin wrote a strangely prophetic letter to the Tsar, entitled “The Spirit Gregory Efrimovich Rasputin of the village Pokrovshoe”.
‘I write and leave behind me this letter at St. Petersburg. I feel that I shall leave this life before 1 January. I wish to make known to the Russian people, to Papa, to the Russian Mother, and to the Children, to the land of Russia, what they must understand. If I am killed by common assassins and especially by my brothers the Russian peasants, you, Tsar of Russia, have nothing to fear, remain on your throne and govern, and you, Russian Tsar, will have nothing to fear for your children, they will reign for hundreds of years in Russia. But if I am murdered by boyars, nobles, and if they have shed my blood, for twenty-five years they will not wash their hands from my blood. They will leave Russia. Brothers will kill brothers, and they will kill each other and hate each other, and for twenty-five years there will be no nobles in the country. Tsar of the land of Russia, if you hear the sound of the bell which will tell you that Gregory has been killed, you must know this: if it was your relations who have wrought my death, then no one in your family, that is to say, none of your children or relations will remain alive for more than two years. They will be killed by the Russian people …. I shall be killed. I am no longer among the living. Pray, pray, be strong, think of your blessed family.’(4)
Gregory
Pares 399 
1. Study finds British spy killed Rasputin
The Age September 20, 2004
http://www.theage.com.au/articles/2004/09/19/1095532175275.html?from=storylhs&oneclick=true
2. Ibid.
3. New York Journal American February 3, 1949
4. The Murder of Rasputin by Greg King, Century, London, page 146. 
Other sources include:
Wall Street and the Bolshevik Revolution by Anthony Sutton
http://www.reformed-theology.org/html/books/bolshevik_revolution/
Under the Sign of the Scorpion by Juri Lina
Referent Publishing, Stockholm
The true inside facts about the 7/7 London bombingsJanuary 21, 2008
By James Casbolt, former MI6 agent – February 18, 2007
The British and US government are stirring an atmosphere of animosity and hatred between white and Asian people in the UK, US and around the world. Whites verses Asians invents the excuse for the invasion of the Middle East. They are also looking for a minority to blame for the terrorism in the UK and US that the governments themselves are responsible for.
This is known as ‘false flag’ terrorism. ‘Al Qaeda’ is an MI- 6, CIA organisation utilising Middle Eastern assets. These are big claims but this is backed up with evidence from my MI 6 contacts. My friend below was briefed in detail regarding what really happened on 7/7 and how the British Government were responsible.
James Casbolt- “ So you are saying the bombs were planted into the bus several days before the 7/7 London bombings”
X10- “ Yes, the British government switched the safety checking team. When they went into the bus depot a few days before hand a trade union spokesman who was asked about this said he couldn’t understand who the security was. He didn’t recognise anybody. These were people who come into check the buses. They normally check the buses for things like suspension, braking systems and the security cameras. Instead of staying what is usually an hour or so these people were there for the entire day. When workers approached them and started making small talk they wrere basically ignored . So they had the feeling that these people were not regular security.
James Casbolt- “So they were probably MI 5?”
X10- “They were MI 5. They were there primarily to make sure the video camera went off at a certain time. Which is of course what happened. Isn’t it is amazing that on that day, this was similar to what happened with the cameras prior to the death of Princess Diana. All the security cameras that counted on 7/7, not the ones that didn’t count, the ones that really counted weren’t working. The security camera on that bus wasn’t working on that particular day.
James Casbolt- “So where did they plant the bombs on the bus?”
X10- “Inside the seats and under the floor. I know that the eye witness accounts of what happened were all at variance with one another. The BBC relied exclusively on a testimony given by a Scottish guy. The Scottish guy contradicted himself so many times and yet no one in the media asked him about these contradictory statements. He said in one report that he got off the front of the bus and in another report he said he left through the rear door. One report said he was the first out and another report he said was the last off the bus. So there appears to be a lot of confusion in terms of the report”
James Casbolt- “So the four Asian lads were they MI 5 assets?”
X10- “They were stooges”
James Casbolt- “Do you think they consciously knew they were working for MI5?”
X10- “No they weren’t working consciously for MI 5. They would just be a shadow team lured into London to be part of a covert programme of simulated attacks. They were paid to be in a certain place at a certain time to take part in a simulated attack. A company was running a simulated terror attack at the time. Those boys were part of that. They were told “Your backpacks represent explosive devices but of course they aren’t explosives”
James Casbolt- “So they were told ‘this is just a dummy run”
X10- “It was a dummy run. They were part of the dummy run. They stopped their car just outside of Luton and they were briefed by somebody. When they left Luton of course, they didn’t leave Luton at the time described because there was a cock up with train times. So whether they managed to get to London or not is an unknown because the video camera evidence has been shown to be faulty. There is a problem with the timing on some of the video footage.
James Casbolt- “So they bought return tickets?”
X10 – “Yea, they bought return tickets. Of course you wouldn’t but return tickets if you knew you were on a one way journey to hell. Some of the other reports that were briefly mentioned in the quality, alternative media and not the tabloid media. Then they were completely ignored by the controlled tabloid media, was one eye witness who was talking about the fact that as she was coming off the train were the bomb exploded. The police officer said “Mind the hole!” and he pointed to a huge blast which showed the metal structure of the under carriage facing upwards as if the bomb had blown upwards. This was the security services taking the extra insurance that in case any of the bombs that their agents had left on the train and those were ex MI 5, ex SAS people, that they would have had a back up, a contingency to make sure those explosions did take place. A number of reports reported more bombs than there were alleged terrorists.
James Casbolt- “Why is it ex MI 5 doing it? Why is it not active MI5 agents?
X10- “In a way there is no such thing as ex MI 5. Once your MI 5 you’re always MI 5 (I would have to disagree with that statement as I managed to get away from my involvement with MI 6- James Casbolt). A lot of MI 5 people get jobs with other organisation that are similar in structure when they leave the security services. These organisations are usually part of the private sector. There have been a number of these organisations over the years. A very, very famous intelligence unit that used to work under Peter Mandelson involved in the oil business, and they announced a disclosure about three years ago. Norton Taylor who works for the intelligence part of the Guardian. He pointed out then that such organisations often announce their demise and its nothing of the sort. Its just disinformation or they just change into another company with exactly the same brief. There a lot of these little private organisations that soak up people who have left these intelligence services and they have them working on a private basis but more often than not they are contracted and they get work contracted out to them from the government”
James Casbolt- “So the four Asian lads, they were probably having their strings pulled by MI 5 officers”
X10- Oh yea, absolutely without a doubt. They were runners, a dummy team. I’ve spoken to a few people about the way in which dummy teams are run. They interest lads like that, what MI5 do is they say something like “We want you to be part of a film, part of a dummy run working with the government and also working with BBC producers on developing scenarios in which terrorist attacks in the UK could take place. You get to London and then you do this, meet us at a certain place and we give you a thousand quid”. That’s easy money and its easy money for what? Travelling to London, sitting on a train with a backpack for about half an hour or so and you collect your loot”
James Casbolt- “Do you think Mohammad Sidique Khan would have been a conscious MI 5 agent?”
X10- “He may have been paid by MI 5 to go through that on the TV. The same way as, there is another guy who is a known MI 5 agent. He used to be the sidekick of Abdul H the Muslim preacher. He was no 2. He was a ‘Mr fixer’ and had links to all sorts of exotic quasi terrorist organisations, which are of course almost all run by British intelligence. I wish I could remember his name”
James Casbolt- “You said one of the ex SAS men who was responsible for the bombings was called Mcgreagor and he was disguised as a homeless person.”
X10- “That’s what they do to blend in, well not blend in but to make them look conspicuous. If you’ve got a homeless person clutching an old Tesco’s bag or something you don’t tend to look at him and say the guy looks like security threat”
James casbolt- “Can you explain what he did”
X10- “He was on the train and left a package with explosives in. The man who told me this, I developed a close relationship in the past and trusted him”
James Casbolt- “And this man was an MI 6 officer?”
X10- “Ex MI 6. He longer worked for them. Even in the days when I knew him he had already left the service. As far as the bus operations were concerned that was not his main topic. He was talking mostly about the people in the tube bombings. When all of the eye witness statements came up later on talking about the possibility that the bombs may have been placed under the buses, what the government did was put in a fail safe to make sure that even if some thing went wrong on the day with those people who were involved in the bombings themselves, they would at least have a secondary system to ensure the bombs exploded at exactly the time they wanted”
James Casbolt- “So would they have been set on timers?”
X10- “They were set on timers”
James Casbolt- “So they wouldn’t have needed to remotely detonated?”
X10- “No. This whole remote system is quite strange because on the day itself Ian Blair took down all of the mobile phone communications. Everything was switched off. You couldn’t make a mobile phone call. He knew in any event that there were no remote detonators and he was just covering his arse in case any curious journalists asked him a pertinent question later on. There were no remote detonations on the day at all. They were all personally delivered to the destinations”
James Casbolt- “What happened on the tube then?”
X10- “The agents were there at the exactly the right time they were supposed to be. If it was the actual case that those guys actually did get the train from Luton. I don’t believe they got the train from Luton because apparently that train never turned up. But if they had got to London before hand which s probably the case, they would have had plenty of time to receive the briefing in London. They would have got on train. They would have then been followed by these ex MI 5, SAS officers so that they were actually in the same cart as the so-called juvenile bombers. It would have taken place as scheduled”
James Casbolt- “So the guys on the train who were ex MI 5, ex SAS, they left the explosives on the train and then got off. What were their names again?”
X10- “The ex MI 5 man was codenamed ’J-boy’ and Mcgreagor was the ex SAS guy”
James Casbolt- “And then you say they escaped in a Vauxhall cabriolet?”
X10- “Yes and they were driven away from the scene”
James Casbolt- “So your MI 6 contact confirmed it was a Vauxhall cabriolet?”
X10- “Yes”
James Casbolt- “So J-boy and Mcreagor left explosives in bags under the seats but there were secondary explosives under the train carriage (See photos. Ed.) in case they didn’t go off”
X10- “Yes”
James Casbolt- “Do you know were the safe house was were Mcgreagor and J-boy went afterwards”
X10- “The safe house was in South London. This is a very unfortunate event that is going to be churning around in people’s minds for a long time to come. We need a proper public enquiry”
To the government factions who were involved in this act of mass killing I say this. How dare you blow up and murder my British people! All those who are accountable will be held fully accountable when the time comes! That time is coming soon. In my vision I see Asian and white brothers and sisters coming together in love and harmony in this country. We will confront the government peacefully for their terrorist crimes.
James Casbolt
http://jamescasbolt.com/bombings.htm
Notes:
1 “these people were not regular security”: http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles/july2005/150705busbombing.htm
2 “A company was running a simulated terror attack at the time”: http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles/july2005/110705bombingexercises.htm
3 cock up with train times: http://www.financialoutrage.org.uk/thameslink_database.htm
4 “Mind that hole”: http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/oldsite/article.asp?ID=3583
5 Mohammad Sidique Khan: http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/oldsite/article.asp?ID=4260
6 See photos: http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/oldsite/article.asp?ID=3583
For further background also see:
The Road To World War Three
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/oldsite/article.asp?ID=4121
Who Was Albert Pike?
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/oldsite/article.asp?ID=1086
How Could They Get it So Wrong?
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/oldsite/article.asp?ID=3478
“WIPED OFF THE MAP” – The Rumor of the CenturyJanuary 21, 2008
by Arash Norouzi – January 18, 2007 
Across the world, a dangerous rumor has spread that could have catastrophic implications. According to legend, Iran’s President has threatened to destroy Israel, or, to quote the misquote, “Israel must be wiped off the map”. Contrary to popular belief, this statement was never made, as the following article will prove.
BACKGROUND:
On Tuesday, October 25th, 2005 at the Ministry of Interior conference hall in Tehran, newly elected Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad delivered a speech at a program, reportedly attended by thousands, titled “The World Without Zionism”. Large posters surrounding him displayed this title prominently in English, obviously for the benefit of the international press. Below the poster’s title was a slick graphic depicting an hour glass containing planet Earth at its top. Two small round orbs representing the United States and Israel are shown falling through the hour glass’ narrow neck and crashing to the bottom.
Before we get to the infamous remark, it’s important to note that the “quote” in question was itself a quote— they are the words of the late Ayatollah Khomeini, the father of the Islamic Revolution. Although he quoted Khomeini to affirm his own position on Zionism, the actual words belong to Khomeini and not Ahmadinejad. Thus, Ahmadinejad has essentially been credited (or blamed) for a quote that is not only unoriginal, but represents a viewpoint already in place well before he ever took office.
THE ACTUAL QUOTE:
So what did Ahmadinejad actually say? To quote his exact words in farsi:
“Imam ghoft een rezhim-e ishghalgar-e qods bayad az safheh-ye ruzgar mahv shavad.”
That passage will mean nothing to most people, but one word might ring a bell: rezhim-e. It is the word “Regime”, pronounced just like the English word with an extra “eh” sound at the end. Ahmadinejad did not refer to Israel the country or Israel the land mass, but the Israeli regime. This is a vastly significant distinction, as one cannot wipe a regime off the map. Ahmadinejad does not even refer to Israel by name, he instead uses the specific phrase “rezhim-e ishghalgar-e qods” (regime occupying Jerusalem).
So this raises the question.. what exactly did he want “wiped from the map”? The answer is: nothing. That’s because the word “map” was never used. The Persian word for map, “nagsheh”, is not contained anywhere in his original farsi quote, or, for that matter, anywhere in his entire speech. Nor was the western phrase “wipe out” ever said. Yet we are led to believe that Iran’s President threatened to “wipe Israel off the map”, despite never having uttered the words “map”, “wipe out” or even “Israel”.
THE PROOF:
The full quote translated directly to English:
“The Imam said this regime occupying Jerusalem must vanish from the page of time”.
Word by word translation:
Imam (Khomeini) ghoft (said) een (this) rezhim-e (regime) ishghalgar-e (occupying) qods (Jerusalem) bayad (must) az safheh-ye ruzgar (from page of time) mahv shavad (vanish from).
Here is the full transcript of the speech in farsi, archived on Ahmadinejad’s web site
THE SPEECH AND CONTEXT:
While the false “wiped off the map” extract has been repeated infinitely without verification, Ahmadinejad’s actual speech itself has been almost entirely ignored. Given the importance placed on the “map” comment, it would be sensible to present his words in their full context to get a fuller understanding of his position. In fact, by looking at the entire speech, there is a clear, logical trajectory leading up to his call for a “world without Zionism”. One may disagree with his reasoning, but critical appraisals are infeasible without first knowing what that reasoning is.
In his speech, Ahmadinejad declares that Zionism is the West’s apparatus of political oppression against Muslims. He says the “Zionist regime” was imposed on the Islamic world as a strategic bridgehead to ensure domination of the region and its assets. Palestine, he insists, is the frontline of the Islamic world’s struggle with American hegemony, and its fate will have repercussions for the entire Middle East.
Ahmadinejad acknowledges that the removal of America’s powerful grip on the region via the Zionists may seem unimaginable to some, but reminds the audience that, as Khomeini predicted, other seemingly invincible empires have disappeared and now only exist in history books. He then proceeds to list three such regimes that have collapsed, crumbled or vanished, all within the last 30 years:
(1) The Shah of Iran- the U.S. installed monarch
(2) The Soviet Union
(3) Iran’s former arch-enemy, Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein
In the first and third examples, Ahmadinejad prefaces their mention with Khomeini’s own words foretelling that individual regime’s demise. He concludes by referring to Khomeini’s unfulfilled wish: “The Imam said this regime occupying Jerusalem must vanish from the page of time. This statement is very wise”. This is the passage that has been isolated, twisted and distorted so famously. By measure of comparison, Ahmadinejad would seem to be calling for regime change, not war.
THE ORIGIN:
One may wonder: where did this false interpretation originate? Who is responsible for the translation that has sparked such worldwide controversy? The answer is surprising.
The inflammatory “wiped off the map” quote was first disseminated not by Iran’s enemies, but by Iran itself. The Islamic Republic News Agency, Iran’s official propaganda arm, used this phrasing in the English version of some of their news releases covering the World Without Zionism conference. International media including the BBC, Al Jazeera, Time magazine and countless others picked up the IRNA quote and made headlines out of it without verifying its accuracy, and rarely referring to the source. Iran’s Foreign Minister soon attempted to clarify the statement, but the quote had a life of its own. Though the IRNA wording was inaccurate and misleading, the media assumed it was true, and besides, it made great copy.
Amid heated wrangling over Iran’s nuclear program, and months of continuous, unfounded accusations against Iran in an attempt to rally support for preemptive strikes against the country, the imperialists had just been handed the perfect raison d’être to invade. To the war hawks, it was a gift from the skies.
It should be noted that in other references to the conference, the IRNA’s translation changed. For instance, “map” was replaced with “earth”. In some articles it was “The Qods occupier regime should be eliminated from the surface of earth”, or the similar “The Qods occupying regime must be eliminated from the surface of earth”. The inconsistency of the IRNA’s translation should be evidence enough of the unreliability of the source, particularly when transcribing their news from Farsi into the English language.
THE REACTION:
The mistranslated “wiped off the map” quote attributed to Iran’s President has been spread worldwide, repeated thousands of times in international media, and prompted the denouncements of numerous world leaders. Virtually every major and minor media outlet has published or broadcast this false statement to the masses. Big news agencies such as The Associated Press and Reuters refer to the misquote, literally, on an almost daily basis.
Following news of Iran’s remark, condemnation was swift. British Prime Minister Tony Blair expressed “revulsion” and implied that it might be necessary to attack Iran. U.N. chief Kofi Annan cancelled his scheduled trip to Iran due to the controversy. Ariel Sharon demanded that Iran be expelled from the United Nations for calling for Israel’s destruction. Shimon Peres, more than once, threatened to wipe Iran off the map. More recently, Israel’s Benjamin Netanyahu, who has warned that Iran is “preparing another holocaust for the Jewish state” is calling for Ahmadinejad to be tried for war crimes for inciting genocide.
The artificial quote has also been subject to additional alterations. U.S. officials and media often take the liberty of dropping the “map” reference altogether, replacing it with the more acutely threatening phrase “wipe Israel off the face of the earth”. Newspaper and magazine articles dutifully report Ahmadinejad has “called for the destruction of Israel”, as do senior officials in the United States government.
President George W. Bush said the comments represented a “specific threat” to destroy Israel. In a March 2006 speech in Cleveland, Bush vowed he would resort to war to protect Israel from Iran, because, “..the threat from Iran is, of course, their stated objective to destroy our strong ally Israel.” Former Presidential advisor Richard Clarke told Australian TV that Iran “talks openly about destroying Israel”, and insists, “The President of Iran has said repeatedly that he wants to wipe Israel off the face of the earth”. In an October 2006 interview with Amy Goodman, former UN Weapons Inspector Scott Ritter referred to Ahmadinejad as “the idiot that comes out and says really stupid, vile things, such as, ‘It is the goal of Iran to wipe Israel off the face of the earth’ “. The consensus is clear.
Confusing matters further, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad pontificates rather than give a direct answer when questioned about the statement, such as in Lally Weymouth’s Washington Post interview in September 2006:
Are you really serious when you say that Israel should be wiped off the face of the Earth?
We need to look at the scene in the Middle East — 60 years of war, 60 years of displacement, 60 years of conflict, not even a day of peace. Look at the war in Lebanon, the war in Gaza — what are the reasons for these conditions? We need to address and resolve the root problem.
Your suggestion is to wipe Israel off the face of the Earth?
Our suggestion is very clear:… Let the Palestinian people decide their fate in a free and fair referendum, and the result, whatever it is, should be accepted…. The people with no roots there are now ruling the land.
You’ve been quoted as saying that Israel should be wiped off the face of the Earth. Is that your belief?
What I have said has made my position clear. If we look at a map of the Middle East from 70 years ago…
So, the answer is yes, you do believe that it should be wiped off the face of the Earth?
Are you asking me yes or no? Is this a test? Do you respect the right to self-determination for the Palestinian nation? Yes or no? Is Palestine, as a nation, considered a nation with the right to live under humane conditions or not? Let’s allow those rights to be enforced for these 5 million displaced people.
The exchange is typical of Ahmadinejad’s interviews with the American media. Predictably, both Mike Wallace of 60 Minutes and CNN’s Anderson Cooper asked if he wants to “wipe Israel off the map”. As usual, the question is thrown back in the reporter’s face with his standard “Don’t the Palestinians have rights?, etc.” retort (which is never directly answered either). Yet he never confirms the “map” comment to be true. This did not prevent Anderson Cooper from referring to earlier portions of his interview after a commercial break and lying, “as he said earlier, he wants Israel wiped off the map”.
Even if every media outlet in the world were to retract the mistranslated quote tomorrow, the major damage has already been done, providing the groundwork for the next phase of disinformation: complete character demonization. Ahmadinejad, we are told, is the next Hitler, a grave threat to world peace who wants to bring about a new Holocaust. According to some detractors, he not only wants to destroy Israel, but after that, he will nuke America, and then Europe! An October 2006 memo titled Words of Hate: Iran’s Escalating Threats released by the powerful Israeli lobby group AIPAC opens with the warning, “Ahmadinejad and other top Iranian leaders are issuing increasingly belligerent statements threatening to destroy the United States, Europe and Israel.” These claims not only fabricate an unsubstantiated threat, but assume far more power than he actually possesses. Alarmists would be better off monitoring the statements of the ultra-conservative Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Khamenei, who holds the most power in Iran.
As Iran’s U.N. Press Officer, M.A. Mohammadi, complained to The Washington Post in a June 2006 letter:
It is not amazing at all, the pick-and-choose approach of highlighting the misinterpreted remarks of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in October and ignoring this month’s remarks by Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, that “We have no problem with the world. We are not a threat whatsoever to the world, and the world knows it. We will never start a war. We have no intention of going to war with any state.”
The Israeli government has milked every drop of the spurious quote to its supposed advantage. In her September 2006 address to the United Nations General Assembly, Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni accused Iran of working to nuke Israel and bully the world. “They speak proudly and openly of their desire to ‘wipe Israel off the map.’ And now, by their actions, they pursue the weapons to achieve this objective to imperil the region and threaten the world.” Addressing the threat in December, a fervent Prime Minister Ehud Olmert inadvertently disclosed that his country already possesses nuclear weapons: “We have never threatened any nation with annihilation. Iran, openly, explicitly and publicly threatens to wipe Israel off the map. Can you say that this is the same level, when they are aspiring to have nuclear weapons, as America, France, Israel, Russia?”
MEDIA IRRESPONSIBILITY:
On December 13, 2006, more than a year after The World Without Zionism conference, two leading Israeli newspapers, The Jerusalem Post and Haaretz, published reports of a renewed threat from Ahmadinejad. The Jerusalem Post’s headline was Ahmadinejad: Israel will be ‘wiped out’, while Haaretz posted the title Ahmadinejad at Holocaust conference: Israel will ‘soon be wiped out’.
Where did they get their information? It turns out that both papers, like most American and western media, rely heavily on write ups by news wire services such as the Associated Press and Reuters as a source for their articles. Sure enough, their sources are in fact December 12th articles by Reuter’s Paul Hughes [Iran president says Israel’s days are numbered], and the AP’s Ali Akbar Dareini [Iran President: Israel Will be wiped out].
The first five paragraphs of the Haaretz article, credited to “Haaretz Service and Agencies”, are plagiarized almost 100% from the first five paragraphs of the Reuters piece. The only difference is that Haaretz changed “the Jewish state” to “Israel” in the second paragraph, otherwise they are identical.
The Jerusalem Post article by Herb Keinon pilfers from both the Reuters and AP stories. Like Haaretz, it uses the following Ahmadinejad quote without attribution: [“Just as the Soviet Union was wiped out and today does not exist, so will the Zionist regime soon be wiped out,” he added]. Another passage apparently relies on an IRNA report:
“The Zionist regime will be wiped out soon the same way the Soviet Union was, and humanity will achieve freedom,” Ahmadinejad said at Tuesday’s meeting with the conference participants in his offices, according to Iran’s official news agency, IRNA.
 
He said elections should be held among “Jews, Christians and Muslims so the population of Palestine can select their government and destiny for themselves in a democratic manner.”
Once again, the first sentence above was wholly plagiarized from the AP article. The second sentence was also the same, except “He called for elections” became “He said elections should be held..”.
It gets more interesting.
The quote used in the original AP article and copied in The Jerusalem Post article supposedly derives from the IRNA. If true, this can easily be checked. Care to find out? Go to: www.irna.ir/en/news/view/menu-234/0612134902101231.htm
There you will discover the actual IRNA quote was:
“As the Soviet Union disappeared, the Zionist regime will also vanish and humanity will be liberated”.
Compare this to the alleged IRNA quote reported by the Associated Press:
“The Zionist regime will be wiped out soon the same way the Soviet Union was, and humanity will achieve freedom”.
In the IRNA’s actual report, the Zionist regime will vanish just as the Soviet Union disappeared. Vanish. Disappear. In the dishonest AP version, the Zionist regime will be “wiped out”. And how will it be wiped out? “The same way the Soviet Union was”. Rather than imply a military threat or escalation in rhetoric, this reference to Russia actually validates the intended meaning of Ahmadinejad’s previous misinterpreted anti-Zionist statements.
What has just been demonstrated is irrefutable proof of media manipulation and propaganda in action. The AP deliberately alters an IRNA quote to sound more threatening. The Israeli media not only repeats the fake quote but also steals the original authors’ words. The unsuspecting public reads this, forms an opinion and supports unnecessary wars of aggression, presented as self defense, based on the misinformation.
This scenario mirrors the kind of false claims that led to the illegal U.S. invasion of Iraq, a war now widely viewed as a catastrophic mistake. And yet the Bush administration and the compliant corporate media continue to marinate in propaganda and speculation about attacking Iraq’s much larger and more formidable neighbor, Iran. Most of this rests on the unproven assumption that Iran is building nuclear weapons, and the lie that Iran has vowed to physically destroy Israel. Given its scope and potentially disastrous outcome, all this amounts to what is arguably the rumor of the century.
Iran’s President has written two rather philosophical letters to America. In his first letter, he pointed out that “History shows us that oppressive and cruel governments do not survive”. With this statement, Ahmadinejad has also projected the outcome of his own backwards regime, which will likewise “vanish from the page of time”.
 Arash Norouzi is an artist and co-founder of The Mossadegh Project.
Who’s That Man?January 21, 2008
Rixon Stewart – October 20, 2005
In June 2005 the BBC broadcast film of what it said was Saddam Hussein facing a tribunal in Iraq. The footage was broadcast without the sound of Hussein speaking and the BBC made no comment other than to say that the film was “mute”. Prompting veteran Middle East correspondent Robert Fisk to ask why we were not allowed to hear what Hussein had to say.
However this writer would suggest that his court appearance was without sound because man in the dock was not Saddam Hussein himself but one of his many doubles.
Just think about that for a moment: because previously, the real Saddam had employed the services of a small band of look-a-likes to thwart possible assassination attempts.
And there are many indications that the man, or should that be the men, who faced the Tribunal is one such. From his dental work – see photo below – to stories of the real Saddam flying out of Iraq at the beginning of the invasion, to the fact that his wife could not recognise him when she visited her husband to reports of Saddam being given safe haven in Belarus, there are numerous stories which cast doubt on the official line that the real Saddam Hussein is still in Iraq.
So much so that, although we don’t hear too much about it, many ordinary Iraqis refuse to believe that the Coalition authorities are holding Saddam Hussein captive in Iraq.

For a larger version of the above, click here.

Just look at the various individuals pictured here. They certainly look similar but are they all one and the same man, or simply a bunch of look-a-likes? The teeth are an obvious give-away but the eyes, the windows of the soul, also have their own story to tell.
Which may explain why Saddam’s first court appearance was broadcast without the sound of him speaking. Because if the man in the dock was not the real Saddam but one of his many doubles, then although he might look like Saddam Hussein, he might not actually sound like him. Or, at least, there might be enough of a difference to make people look again at the man the authorities claim is Saddam.
All of which prompted the Coalition authorities to play it safe with footage of the alleged Saddam Hussein’s first court appearance and omit the sound of him speaking. It’s simple enough, a few doubles, some hair dye and careful camera work and you’ve got Saddam Hussein, as good as new. As a result, few people in the West have asked if the man in the dock was actually Saddam Hussein and those in Iraq who might ask, don’t count.
They either obey the Coalition forces or die fighting with the resistance.
It’s voters in the West who still need to be lured into believing this charade. After all, vote fraud aside; it’s Western voters who will pick the next puppet president or prime minister in the US/UK and in this case their choice hinges on the influence of imperceptible changes, broadcast step-by-step, on national TV.
Like Saddam Hussein’s court appearance.
First he appeared without the sound of his voice. Now that Western audiences have bought the first lie – that the man in the dock really is Saddam Hussein and maybe after being coached to speak like him, now even sounds vaguely like him – they are ready for the next lie. Believing that when he speaks they are hearing, in the words of the BBC: “former dictator Saddam Hussein testifying in his defence at his trial in Baghdad…” etc. etc. etc….



References:
Saddam’s wife could not recognise her husband
Mrs Saddam Says Saddam Not Saddam
http://www.vialls.com/subliminalsuggestion/saddamscam.html
Iraqi Commander Swears he saw USAF fly Saddam out of Baghdad
Hussein Given Safe Haven in Belarus?
Shaddam Shaddam New Vaudeville Scam!
http://www.vialls.com/subliminalsuggestion/saddamscam.html
Seeing Double In Baghdad: Saddam Uses Look-Alikes To Disguise His Whereabouts
http://www.rferl.org/features/2002/10/09102002155130.asp
Yes, but Where Are the Saddam Look-Alikes?

Admiral Richard B. Byrd’s, Diary Feb. Mar. 1947December 30, 2007
( The Land Beyond The Poles )
The exploration flight over the North Pole ( The Inner Earth My Secret Diary )
I must write this diary in secrecy and obscurity. It concerns my Arctic flight of the nineteenth day of February in the year of Nineteen and Forty Seven. 
There comes a time when the rationality of men must fade into insignificance and one must accept the inevitability of the Truth! I am not at liberty to disclose the following documentation at this writing …perhaps it shall never see the light of public scrutiny, but I must do my duty and record here for all to read one day. In a world of greed and exploitation of certain of mankind can no longer suppress that which is truth.

 FLIGHT LOG: BASE CAMP ARCTIC, 2/19/1947
0600 Hours- All preparations are complete for our flight northward and we are airborne with full fuel tanks at 0610 Hours.
0620 Hours- fuel mixture on starboard engine seems too rich, adjustment made and Pratt Whittneys are running smoothly.
0730 Hours- Radio Check with base camp. All is well and radio reception is normal.
0740 Hours- Note slight oil leak in starboard engine, oil pressure indicator seems normal, however.
0800 Hours- Slight turbulence noted from easterly direction at altitude of 2321 feet, correction to 1700 feet, no further turbulence, but tail wind increases, slight adjustment in throttle controls, aircraft performing very well now.
0815 Hours- Radio Check with base camp, situation normal.
0830 Hours- Turbulence encountered again, increase altitude to 2900 feet, smooth flight conditions again.
0910 Hours- Vast Ice and snow below, note coloration of yellowish nature, and disperse in a linear pattern. Altering course foe a better examination of this color pattern below, note reddish or purple color also. Circle this area two full turns and return to assigned compass heading. Position check made again to base camp, and relay information concerning colorations in the Ice and snow below.
0910 Hours- Both Magnetic and Gyro compasses beginning to gyrate and wobble, we are unable to hold our heading by instrumentation. Take bearing with Sun compass, yet all seems well. The controls are seemingly slow to respond and have sluggish quality, but there is no indication of Icing!
0915 Hours- In the distance is what appears to be mountains.
0949 Hours- 29 minutes elapsed flight time from the first sighting of the mountains, it is no illusion. They are mountains and consisting of a small range that I have never seen before!
0955 Hours- Altitude change to 2950 feet, encountering strong turbulence again.
1000 Hours- We are crossing over the small mountain range and still proceeding northward as best as can be ascertained. Beyond the mountain range is what appears to be a valley with a small river or stream running through the center portion. There should be no green valley below! Something is definitely wrong and abnormal here! We should be over Ice and Snow! To the portside are great forests growing on the mountain slopes. Our navigation Instruments are still spinning, the gyroscope is oscillating back and forth!
1005 Hours- I alter altitude to 1400 feet and execute a sharp left turn to better examine the valley below. It is green with either moss or a type of tight knit grass. The Light here seems different. I cannot see the Sun anymore. We make another left turn and we spot what seems to be a large animal of some kind below us. It appears to be an elephant! NO!!! It looks more like a mammoth! This is incredible! Yet, there it is! Decrease altitude to 1000 feet and take binoculars to better examine the animal. It is confirmed – it is definitely a mammoth-like animal! Report this to base camp.
1030 Hours- Encountering more rolling green hills now. The external temperature indicator reads 74 degrees Fahrenheit! Continuing on our heading now. Navigation instruments seem normal now. I am puzzled over their actions. Attempt to contact base camp. Radio is not functioning!
1130 Hours- Countryside below is more level and normal (if I may use that word). Ahead we spot what seems to be a city!!!! This is impossible! Aircraft seems light and oddly buoyant. The controls refuse to respond!! My GOD!!! Off our port and starboard wings are a strange type of aircraft. They are closing rapidly alongside! They are disc-shaped and have a radiant quality to them. They are close enough now to see the markings on them. It is a type of Swastika!!! This is fantastic. Where are we! What has happened. I tug at the controls again. They will not respond!!!! We are caught in an invisible vice grip of some type!
1135 Hours- Our radio crackles and a voice comes through in English with what perhaps is a slight Nordic or Germanic accent! The message is: ‘Welcome, Admiral, to our domain. We shall land you in exactly seven minutes! Relax, Admiral, you are in good hands.’ I note the engines of our plane have stopped running! The aircraft is under some strange control and is now turning itself. The controls are useless.
1140 Hours- Another radio message received. We begin the landing process now, and in moments the plane shudders slightly, and begins a descent as though caught in some great unseen elevator! The downward motion is negligible, and we touch down with only a slight jolt!
1145 Hours- I am making a hasty last entry in the flight log. Several men are approaching on foot toward our aircraft. They are tall with blond hair. In the distance is a large shimmering city pulsating with rainbow hues of color. I do not know what is going to happen now, but I see no signs of weapons on those approaching. I hear now a voice ordering me by name to open the cargo door. I comply.
 ___
End Log

___
Admiral Byrd continues:
“From this point I write all the following events here from memory. It defies the imagination and would seem all but madness if it had not happened.
The radioman and I are taken from the aircraft and we are received in a most cordial manner. We were then boarded on a small platform-like conveyance with no wheels! It moves us toward the glowing city with great swiftness. As we approach, the city seems to be made of a crystal material. Soon we arrive at a large building that is a type I have never seen before. It appears to be right out of the design board of Frank Lloyd Wright, or perhaps more correctly, out of a Buck Rogers setting!! We are given some type of warm beverage which tasted like nothing I have ever savored before. It is delicious. After about ten minutes, two of our wondrous appearing hosts come to our quarters and announce that I am to accompany them. I have no choice but to comply. I leave my radioman behind and we walk a short distance and enter into what seems to be an elevator. We descend downward for some moments, the machine stops, and the door lifts silently upward! We then proceed down a long hallway that is lit by a rose-colored light that seems to be emanating from the very walls themselves! One of the beings motions for us to stop before a great door. Over the door is an inscription that I cannot read. The great door slides noiselessly open and I am beckoned to enter.One of my hosts speaks. ‘Have no fear, Admiral, you are to have an audience with the Master…’ I step inside and my eyes adjust to the beautiful coloration that seems to be filling the room completely. Then I begin to see my surroundings. What greeted my eyes is the most beautiful sight of my entire existence. It is in fact too beautiful and wondrous to describe. It is exquisite and delicate. I do not think there exists a human term that can describe it in any detail with justice! My thoughts are interrupted in a cordial manner by a warm rich voice of melodious quality, ‘I bid you welcome to our domain, Admiral.’ I see a man with delicate features and with the etching of years upon his face. He is seated at a long table. He motions me to sit down in one of the chairs. After I am seated, he places his fingertips together and smiles. He speaks softly again, and conveys the following. ‘We have let you enter here because you are of noble character and well-known on the Surface World, Admiral.’ Surface World, I half-gasp under my breath! ‘Yes,” the Master replies with a smile, ‘you are in the domain of the Arianni, the Inner World of the Earth. We shall not long delay your mission, and you will be safely escorted back to the surface and for a distance beyond. But now, Admiral, I shall tell you why you have been summoned here.
“Our interest rightly begins just after your race exploded the first atomic bombs over Hiroshima and Nagasaki, Japan. It was at that alarming time we sent our flying machines, the “Flugelrads”, to your surface world to investigate what your race had done. That is, of course, past history now, my dear Admiral, but I must continue on. You see, we have never interfered before in your race’s wars, and barbarity, but now we must, for you have learned to tamper with a certain power that is not for man, namely, that of atomic energy. Our emissaries have already delivered messages to the powers of your world, and yet they do not heed. Now you have been chosen to be witness here that our world does exist. You see, our Culture and Science is many thousands of years beyond your race, Admiral.’ I interrupted, ‘But what does this have to do with me, Sir?’ The Master’s eyes seemed to penetrate deeply into my mind, and after studying me for a few moments he replied, ‘Your race has now reached the point of no return, for there are those among you who would destroy your very world rather than relinquish their power as they know it…’ I nodded, and the Master continued, ‘In 1945 and afterward, we tried to contact your race, but our efforts were met with hostility, our Flugelrads were fired upon. Yes, even pursued with malice and animosity by your fighter planes. So, now, I say to you, my son, there is a great storm gathering in your world, a black fury that will not spend itself for many years. There will be no answer in your arms, there will be no safety in your science. It may rage on until every flower of your culture is trampled, and all human things are leveled in vast chaos. Your recent war was only a prelude of what is yet to come for your race. We here see it more clearly with each hour.. do you say I am mistaken?’
‘No,’ I answer, ‘it happened once before, the dark ages came and they lasted for more than five hundred years.’ ‘Yes, my son,’ replied the Master, ‘the dark ages that will come now for your race will cover the Earth like a pall, but I believe that some of your race will live through the storm, beyond that, I cannot say. We see at a great distance a new world stirring from the ruins of your race, seeking its lost and legendary treasures, and they will be here, my son, safe in our keeping. When that time arrives, we shall come forward again to help revive your culture and your race.
Perhaps, by then, you will have learned the futility of war and its strife…and after that time, certain of your culture and science will be returned for your race to begin anew. You, my son, are to return to the Surface World with this message…..’ With these closing words, our meeting seemed at an end. I stood for a moment as in a dream….but, yet, I knew this was reality, and for some strange reason I bowed slightly, either out of respect or humility, I do not know which.
Suddenly, I was again aware that the two beautiful hosts who had brought me here were again at my side. ‘This way, Admiral,’ motioned one. I turned once more before leaving and looked back toward the Master. A gentle smile was etched on his delicate and ancient face.
‘Farewell, my son,’ he spoke, then he gestured with a lovely, slender hand a motion of peace and our meeting was truly ended.
Quickly, we walked back through the great door of the Master’s chamber and once again entered into the elevator. The door slid silently downward and we were at once going upward. One of my hosts spoke again, ‘We must now make haste, Admiral, as the Master desires to delay you no longer on your scheduled timetable and you must return with his message to your race.’ I said nothing. All of this was almost beyond belief, and once again my thoughts were interrupted as we stopped. I entered the room and was again with my radioman. He had an anxious expression on his face.
As I approached, I said, ‘It is all right, Howie, it is all right.’ The two beings motioned us toward the awaiting conveyance, we boarded, and soon arrived back at the aircraft. The engines were idling and we boarded immediately. The whole atmosphere seemed charged now with a certain air of urgency. After the cargo door was closed the aircraft was immediately lifted by that unseen force until we reached an altitude of 2700 feet. Two of the aircraft were alongside for some distance guiding us on our return way. I must state here, the airspeed indicator registered no reading, yet we were moving along at a very rapid rate.
215 Hours- A radio message comes through. ‘We are leaving you now, Admiral, your controls are free. Auf Wiedersehen!!!!’ We watched for a moment as the flugelrads disappeared into the pale blue sky.
The aircraft suddenly felt as though caught in a sharp downdraft for a moment. We quickly recovered her control. We do not speak for some time, each man has his thoughts….
___
ENTRY IN FLIGHT LOG CONTINUES:
220 Hours- We are again over vast areas of ice and snow, and approximately 27 minutes from base camp. We radio them, they respond.
We report all conditions normal….normal. Base camp expresses relief at our re-established contact.300 Hours- We land smoothly at base camp. I have a mission…..
END LOG ENTRIES
___
March 11, 1947. I have just attended a staff meeting at the Pentagon.
I have stated fully my discovery and the message from the Master. All is duly recorded. The President has been advised. I am now detained for several hours (six hours, thirty-nine minutes, to be exact.) I am interviewed intently by Top Security Forces and a medical team. It was an ordeal!!!! I am placed under strict control via the national security provisions of this United States of America. I am ORDERED TO REMAIN SILENT IN REGARD TO ALL THAT I HAVE LEARNED, ON THE BEHALF OF HUMANITY1111 Incredible! I am reminded that I am a military man and I must obey orders.
 ___
30/12/56: FINAL ENTRY:
These last few years elapsed since 1947 have not been kind…I now make my final entry in this singular diary. In closing, I must state that I have faithfully kept this matter secret as directed all these years. It has been completely against my values of moral right. Now, I seem to sense the long night coming on and this secret will not die with me, but as all truth shall, it will triumph and so it shall.
This can be the only hope for mankind. I have seen the truth and it has quickened my spirit and has set me free! I have done my duty toward the monstrous military industrial complex. Now, the long night begins to approach, but there shall be no end. Just as the long night of the Arctic ends, the brilliant sunshine of Truth shall come again….and those who are of darkness shall fall in it’s Light…FOR I HAVE SEEN THAT LAND BEYOND THE POLE, THAT CENTER OF THE GREAT UNKNOWN.
Admiral Richard E. Byrd United States Navy 24 December 1956
Editor’s note: One should not read too much into the Germanic connection. The swastika is an ancient religious and Buddhist symbol. Hitler was a black magician and arch enemy of mankind. Both he and Goehring relentlessly pursued occult secrets and artifacts. They even tried to go to ‘the center of the Earth.’ I guess they might of known something of import at psychic levels, if this account by Byrd is true.
There are many types of fields of energy interpenetrating this planet. There are many planes of existence. There are lower realms where demons and entities lie in wait for those who do not have the light to go to etheric realms after death or even at night for that matter. I suggest you ask your favorite angel or saint to take you up to etheric planes as you sleep.
Whose to say that there aren’t different types of civilizations inside the earth as well, Germanic or otherwise. Admiral Byrd could have had a predilection for Nordic myths or several embodiments in the Germanic regions, so his experience could have been seen through the prism of his consciousness.
I find it very interesting that this happened right around the time of the Roswell incident. So here you have Truman and others from the industrial military complex worried about extra-terrestrials and the threat they pose trying to decide what to do with Bryd’s fantastic tale. They put the lid on it just as they did with Roswell. They do not trust us with the truth and do not want us to have the truth.
As fantastic as Admiral Byrd’s tale is, it most be given credence as the master said, because of Byrd’s impeccable character; and this is just the sort of cover-up our government has perpetuated more and more on us in the last 60 years. Without the truth, without true prophecy, without the realization of the Divine nature within, the people cannot be set free and they will not be free of the descent of their own karma.
Is Our Earth Really Hollow?-6/15 by Gerry Forster, This is a fascinating piece discussing the subject from every perspective. Disparate views are brought in from all sorts of sources including, Bulwer-Lytton, Blavatsky, The Roerichs, Admiral Byrd and Buddhist theology regarding Shambhala. Editor
Further reference:
Richard E. Byrd 1888-1957
Alone – Richard Evelyn Byrd
Secret Diary of Admiral Byrd?
Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd And the Quest for the Inner Passage Part I
The Missing Secret Diary of Admiral Byrd: Fact or Fiction?
 
Source:   
The Illuminati Chronicles Part 1November 28, 2007
 A Short History of the New World Order Part 1
By cyberpatriot@hotmail.com
1773 – Mayer Amschel Rothschild assembles twelve of his most influential friends and convinces them that if they all pool their resources together, they can rule the world. This meeting takes place in Frankfurt, Germany. Rothschild also informs his friends that he has found the perfect candidate, an individual of incredible intellect and ingenuity, to lead the organization he has planned – Adam Weishaupt.
May 1, 1776 – Adam Weishaupt (code named Spartacus) establishes a secret society called the Order of the Illuminati. Weishaupt is the Professor of Canon Law at the University of Ingolstadt in Bavaria, part of Germany. [This date, May Day, is to become highly significant to the Soviet Communists. They held festive military parades on this day.] The Illuminati seek to establish a New World Order. Their objectives are as follows:
1) Abolition of all ordered governments
2) Abolition of private property
3) Abolition of inheritance
4) Abolition of patriotism
5) Abolition of the family
6) Abolition of religion
7) Creation of a world government
July 1782 – The Order of the Illuminati joins forces with Freemasonry at the Congress of Wilhelmsbad. The Comte de Virieu, an attendee at the conference, comes away visibly shaken. When questioned about the “tragic secrets” he brought back with him, he replies: “I will not confide them to you. I can only tell you that all this is very much more serious than you think.” From this time on, according to his biographer, “the Comte de Virieu could only speak of Freemasonry with horror.”
1785 – An Illuminati courier named Lanze is struck by lightning and killed while traveling by horseback through the town of Ratisbon. When Bavarian officials examine the contents of his saddle bags, they discover the existence of the Order of the Illuminati and find plans detailing the coming French Revolution. The Bavarian government attempts to alert the government of France of impending disaster, but the French government fails to heed this warning. Bavarian officials arrest all members of the Illuminati they can find, but Weishaupt and others have gone underground and cannot be found.
Oct. 11, 1785 – Bavarian authorities raid the home of an Illuminati member named Von Zwack. They discover Illuminati documents which show quite clearly that they plan to bring about a “universal revolution that should deal the death-blow to society…this revolution will be the work of the secret societies, and that is one of our great mysteries.”
1789 – Violence erupts in France. The French Revolution not only overthrows the existing government but also attempts to eliminate Christianity from the nation. A half-naked prostitute is placed on the altar of the Cathedral of Notre Dame and extolled as the “Goddess of Reason.” Revolutionary officials even do away with the seven-day week and replace it with a ten-day week.
1796 – Freemasonry becomes a major issue in the Presidential election in the United States. John Adams wins the election by opposing Masonry, and his son John Quincy Adams warns of the dire threat to the nation posed by the Masonic Lodges: “I do conscientiously and sincerely believe that the Order of Freemasonry, if not the greatest, is one of the greatest moral and political evils …”
1797 – John Robison, Professor of Natural History at Edinburgh University in Scotland, publishes a book entitled “Proofs of a Conspiracy” in which he reveals that Adam Weishaupt had attempted to recruit him. He exposes the diabolical aims of the Illuminati to the world.
1798 – George Washington acknowledges that Illuminati activity has come to America: “It is not my intention to doubt that the doctrine of the Illuminati and the principles of Jacobinism had not spread in the United States. On the contrary, no one is more satisfied of this fact than I am.”
1816 – Congress grants a 20-year charter to the Bank of the United States, a private central bank for America. [The Constitution had granted to Congress the “power to coin money and regulate the value thereof.” Thomas Jefferson had specifically warned the American people against turning this power to create money over to a private group that was unelected and not accountable to the public: “If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their currency, first by inflation and then by deflation, the banks and corporations that will grow up around them will deprive the people of all property until their children wake up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered.”]
1821 – Georg W. F. Hegel formulates what is called the Hegelian dialectic – the process by which Illuminati objectives are achieved. According to the Hegelian dialectic, thesis plus antithesis equals synthesis. In other words, first you foment a crisis. Then there is an enormous public outcry that something must be done about the problem. So you offer a solution that brings about the changes you really wanted all along, but which people would have been unwilling to accept initially. (A good example of this would be the killings at Dunblane and Hungerford. In both cases public outrage was accompanied by the passage of stringent new gun legislation in the British parliament; yet serious questions remain unanswered about both incidents, Ed.)
1826 – William Morgan attempts to publish a book exposing the wrongdoing of the Masonic Lodges. While he is in the process of having his book printed, he mysteriously disappears. [His body was found in Lake Ontario a year later.]
1828 – Mayer Amschel Rothschild, who finances the Illuminati, expresses his utter contempt for national governments which attempt to regulate international bankers such as him: “Allow me to issue and control the money of a nation, and I care not who writes the laws.” [As Sir Josiah Stamp, president of the Bank of England in the 1920s, would remark years later: “Banking was conceived in iniquity and was born in sin. The bankers own the earth; take it away from them but leave them the power to create deposits, and with a flick of a pen they will create enough deposits to buy it back again.”]
1829 – British Illuminist Frances “Fanny” Wright gives a series of lectures in the United States. She announces that various subversives and revolutionaries are to be united in a movement that will be called “Communism.” She explains that the movement is to be made more acceptable to the public by professing to support “equal opportunity” and “equal rights.”
1829-1837 – While President Andrew Jackson is in office, there are attempts to continue and strengthen the hold of a central bank over the United States. President Jackson vigorously opposes these efforts. Jackson tells his adversaries: “You are a den of vipers! I intend to rout you out, and by the Eternal God I will rout you out. If the people only understood the rank injustice of our money and banking system, there would be a revolution before morning.” In 1832, Jackson vetoes a bill to renew the charter of the Bank of the United States. In 1833, he removes government funds from the Bank of the United States.
1848 – Moses Mordecai Marx Levy, alias Karl Marx, writes “The Communist Manifesto.” Marx is a member of an Illuminati front organization called the League of the Just. He not only advocates economic and political changes; he advocates moral and spiritual changes as well. He believes the family should be abolished and that all children should be raised by a central authority. He expresses his attitude toward God by saying: “We must war against all prevailing ideas of religion, of the state, of country, of patriotism. The idea of God is the keynote of a perverted civilization. It must be destroyed.”
1870 – John Ruskin is named Professor of Fine Arts at Oxford University in England. He teaches his students that the government should take control of all means of production and distribution, and he is prepared to place control of the government in the hands of a single man: “My continual aim has been to show the eternal superiority of some men to others, sometimes even of one man to all others.”
1871 – Albert Pike, founder of the Klu Klux Klan, publishes his 861-page book “Morals and Dogma”, intended only for Masonic eyes. He indicates that those in the lower ranks of Masonry are deliberately deceived by their superiors: “The Blue degrees [the first three degrees of the 32] are but the outer court or portico of the Temple. Part of the symbols are displayed there to the Initiate, but he is intentionally misled by false interpretations. It is not intended that he shall understand them; but it is intended that he shall imagine that he shall understand them. Their true explication is reserved for the Adepts, the Princes of Masonry.” [This is why about 95% of the men involved in Masonry don’t have a clue as to what the objectives of the organization actually are. They are under the delusion that it’s just a fine community organization doing good works.]
1875 – Russian occultist Helena Petrovna Blavatsky founds the Theosophical Society. Madame Blavatsky claims that Tibetan holy men in the Himalayas, whom she refers to as the Masters of Wisdom, communicated with her in London by telepathy. She insists that the Christians have it all backwards – that Satan is good and God is evil. She writes: “The Christians and scientists must be made to respect their Indian betters. The Wisdom of India, her philosophy and achievement, must be made known in Europe and America.”
1884 – The Fabian Society is founded to promote Socialism. The Fabian Society takes its name from the Roman General Fabius Maximus, who fought Hannibal’s army in small debilitating skirmishes, rather than attempting one decisive battle.
July 14, 1889 – Albert Pike issues instructions to the 23 Supreme Councils of the world. He reveals who is the true object of Masonic worship: “To you, Sovereign Grand Instructors General, we say this, that you may repeat it to the Brethren of the 32nd, 31st and 30th degrees: The Masonic religion should be, by all of us initiates of the high degrees, maintained in the purity of the Luciferian doctrine.”
1890-1896 – Cecil Rhodes, an enthusiastic student of John Ruskin, is Prime Minister of South Africa, a British colony at the time. He is able to exploit and control the gold and diamond wealth of South Africa. He works to bring all the habitable portions of the world under the domination of a ruling elite. To that end, he uses a portion of his vast wealth to establish the famous Rhodes Scholarships.
Feb. 5, 1891 – Rhodes joins his group from Oxford with a similar group from Cambridge headed by ardent social reformer William Stead. Rhodes and Stead are members of the inner “Circle of Initiates” of the secret society which they found. There is also an outer circle known as the “Association of Helpers.”
1891 – Madame Blavatsky dies. The mantle of leadership for the worldwide theosophical movement falls to Annie Besant, a militant feminist and a member of the Fabian Socialist Society of England. She enthusiastically joins in revolutionary street riots and pens numerous volumes of occultic writings to add to those of Blavatsky.
1909-1913 – Lord Alfred Milner organizes the “Association of Helpers” into various Round Table Groups in the British dependencies and the United States.
1912 – Colonel Edward M. House, a close advisor of President Woodrow Wilson, publishes Phillip Dru: Administrator, in which he promotes “socialism as dreamed of by Karl Marx.”
1913 – President Woodrow Wilson publishes “The New Freedom” in which he reveals: “Since I entered politics, I have chiefly had men’s views confided to me privately. Some of the biggest men in the U.S., in the field of commerce and manufacturing, are afraid of somebody, are afraid of something. They know that there is a power somewhere so organized, so subtle, so watchful, so interlocked, so complete, so pervasive, that they had better not speak above their breath when they speak in condemnation of it.”
Dec. 23, 1913 – The Federal Reserve [neither federal nor a reserve – it’s a privately owned institution] is created. It was planned at a secret meeting in 1910 on Jekyl Island, Georgia, by a group of bankers and politicians, including Col. House. This transfers the power to create money from the American government to a private group of bankers. The Federal Reserve Act is hastily passed just before the Christmas break. Plank #5 of “The Communist Manifesto” had called for just such a central bank. [It is probably the largest generator of debt in the world.] Congressman Charles A. Lindbergh Sr. (father of the famed aviator) warns: “This act establishes the most gigantic trust on earth. When the President signs this act the invisible government by the money power, proven to exist by the Money Trust investigation, will be legalized…”
1916 – Three years after signing the Federal Reserve Act into law, President Woodrow Wilson observes: “I am a most unhappy man. I have unwittingly ruined my country. A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of credit. Our system of credit is concentrated. The growth of the nation, therefore, and all our activities are in the hands of a few men. We have come to be one of the worst ruled, one of the most completely controlled and dominated governments in the civilized world. No longer a government by free opinion, no longer a government by conviction and the vote of the majority, but a government by the opinion and duress of a small group of dominant men.”
1917 – With aid from financiers in New York City and London, V. I. Lenin is able to overthrow the government of Russia. Lenin later comments on the apparent contradiction of the links between prominent capitalists and Communism: “There also exists another alliance – at first glance a strange one, a surprising one – but if you think about it, in fact, one which is well grounded and easy to understand. This is the alliance between our Communist leaders and your capitalists.” [Remember the Hegelian dialectic?]
May 30, 1919 – Prominent British and American personalities establish the Royal Institute of International Affairs in England and the Institute of International Affairs in the U.S. at a meeting arranged by Col. House; attended by various Fabian socialists, including noted economist John Maynard Keynes.
1920 – Britain’s Winston Churchill recognizes the connection between the Illuminati and the Bolshevik Revolution in Russia. He observes: “From the days of Spartacus-Weishaupt to those of Karl Marx, to those of Trotsky, Bela Kun, Rosa Luxembourg, and Emma Goldman, this world wide conspiracy for the overthrow of civilization and for the reconstitution of society on the basis of arrested development, of envious malevolence and impossible equality, has been steadily growing. It played a definitely recognizable role in the tragedy of the French Revolution. It has been the mainspring of every subversive movement during the nineteenth century, and now at last this band of extraordinary personalities from the underworld of the great cities of Europe and America have gripped the Russian people by the hair of their heads, and have become practically the undisputed masters of that enormous empire.”
1920-1931 – Louis T. McFadden is Chairman of the House Committee on Banking and Curency. Concerning the Federal Reserve, Congressman McFadden notes: “When the Federal Reserve Act was passed, the people of these United States did not perceive that a world banking system was being set up here. A super-state controlled by international bankers and international industrialists acting together to enslave the world for their own pleasure. Every effort has been made by the Fed to conceal its powers but the truth is – the Fed has usurped the Government. It controls everything here and it controls all our foreign relations. It makes and breaks governments at will.” Concerning the Great Depression and the country’s acceptance of FDR’s New Deal, he asserts: “It was no accident. It was a carefully contrived occurrence. The international bankers sought to bring about a condition of despair here so they might emerge as the rulers of us all.”
1921 – Col. House reorganizes the American branch of the Institute of International Affairs into the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR). [For the past 60 years, 80% of the top positions in every administration – whether Democrat or Republican – have been occupied by members of this organization. During that time, only two Presidents have not been directly affiliated with the CFR – John Kennedy and Ronald Reagan. Kennedy was assassinated and an attempt was made on Reagan’s life!]
December 15, 1922 – The CFR endorses World Government in its magazine “Foreign Affairs.” Author Philip Kerr states: “Obviously there is going to be no peace or prosperity for mankind as long as the earth remains divided into 50 or 60 independent states, until some kind of international system is created. The real problem today is that of world government.”
1932 – “Plan for Peace” by American Birth Control League founder Margaret Sanger is published. She calls for coercive sterilization, mandatory segregation, and rehabilitative concentration camps for all “dysgenic stocks,” including Blacks, Hispanics, American Indians and Catholics. [The American Birth Control League eventually becomes Planned Parenthood – the nation’s foremost promoter and provider of abortion services. Many today are not aware of the racist origins of Planned Parenthood.]
1933 – “The Shape of Things to Come” by H. G. Wells is published. Wells predicts a second world war around
1940, originating from a German-Polish dispute. After 1945 there would be an increasing lack of public safety in “criminally infected” areas. The plan for the “Modern World State” would succeed on its third attempt, and come out of something that occurred in Basra, Iraq. The book also states: “Although world government had been plainly coming for some years, although it had been endlessly feared and murmured against, it found no opposition anywhere.”
Nov. 21, 1933 – In a letter to Col. Edward M. House, President Franklin Roosevelt writes: “The real truth of the matter is, as you and I know, that a financial element in the larger centers has owned the government since the days of Andrew Jackson.”
1934 – “The Externalization of the Hierarchy” by Alice Bailey is published. Bailey is an occultist, taking over from Annie Besant as head of the Theosophical Society. Bailey’s works are channeled from a spirit guide, the Tibetan Master [demon spirit] Djwahl Kuhl. [Her teachings form the foundation for the current New Age movement.] She writes: “The hour for the ancient mysteries has arrived. These Ancient Mysteries were hidden in numbers, in ritual, in words, and in symbology; these veil the secret. There is no question therefore that the work to be done in familiarizing the general public with the nature of the Mysteries is of paramount importance at this time. These Mysteries will be restored to outer expression through the medium of the Church and the Masonic Fraternity.” She further states: “Out of the spoliation of all existing culture and civilization, the new world order must be built.” [The book is published by the Lucis Trust, incorporated originally in New York as the Lucifer Publishing Company. Lucis Trust is a United Nations NGO (Non-Governmental Organization) and has been a major player at the recent UN summits. Later, Assistant Secretary General of the U.N. Robert Muller would credit the creation of his World Core Curriculum for education to the underlying teachings of Djwahl Kuhl, via Alice Bailey’s writings on the subject.]
1937 – Students at the Lenin School of Political Warfare in Moscow are taught: “Today, of course, we are not strong enough to attack. To win, we shall need the element of surprise. The western world will have to be put to sleep. So we shall begin by launching the most spectacular peace movement on record. There shall be electrifying overtures and unheard of concessions. The capitalist countries, stupid and decadent, will rejoice to cooperate to their own destruction. They will leap at another chance to be friends. As soon as their guard is down, we shall smash them with our clenched fist.”
October 28, 1939 – In an address by John Foster Dulles [later U.S. Secretary of State], he proposes that America lead the transition to a new order of less independent, semi-sovereign states bound together by a league or federal union.
1939 – “New World Order” by H. G. Wells proposes a “collectivist one-world state” or “new world order” comprised of “socialist democracies.” He advocates “universal conscription for service” and declares that “nationalist individualism is the world’s disease.” He continues: “The manifest necessity for some collective world control to eliminate warfare and the less generally admitted necessity for a collective control of the economic and biological life of mankind, are aspects of one and the same process.” He proposes that this be accomplished through “universal law” and “propaganda” (or education).
1940 – “The New World Order” is published by the Carnegie Endowment for Peace and contains a select list of references on regional and world federation, together with some special plans for world order after the war.
June 28, 1945 – President Truman endorses world government in a speech: “It will be just as easy for nations to get along in a republic of the world as it is for us to get along in a republic of the United States.”
October 24, 1945 – The United Nations Charter becomes effective.
July 1948 – Sir Harold Butler, in the CFR’s “Foreign Affairs,” sees “a New World Order” taking shape: “How far can the life of nations, which for centuries have thought of themselves as distinct and unique, be merged with the life of other nations? How far are they prepared to sacrifice a part of their sovereignty without which there can be no effective economic or political union?”
Feb. 7, 1950 – International financier and CFR member James Warburg tells a Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee: “We shall have world government whether or not you like it – by conquest or consent.”
1953 – Rowan Gaither, President of the Ford Foundation, tells a Congressional commission investigating tax-exempt foundations: “We at the executive level here were active in either the OSS [forerunner of the CIA], the State Department, or the European Economic Administration. During those times, and without exception, we operated under directives issued by the White House. We are continuing to be guided by just such directives, the substance of which were to the effect that we should make every effort to so alter life in the United States as to make possible a comfortable merger with the Soviet Union.”
Feb. 23, 1954 – Senator William Jenner of Indiana says before the U.S. Senate: “Today the path to total dictatorship in the United States can be laid by strictly legal means, unseen and unheard by Congress, the President, or the people. We have a well-organized political action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state. It has a foothold within our Government, and its own propaganda apparatus. One may call this group by many names. Some people call it socialism, some collectivism. I prefer to call it ‘democratic centralism.’ The important point to remember about this group is not its ideology but its organization. It is a dynamic, aggressive, elite corps, forcing its way through every opening, to make a breach for a collectivist one-party state. It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government without our suspecting the change is underway. This secret revolutionary corps understands well the power to influence the people by an elegant form of brainwashing. We see this, for example, in the innocent use of words like ‘democracy’ in place of ‘representative government.’ “
1954 – Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands establishes the Bilderbergers, international politicians and bankers who meet secretly on an annual basis.
Nov. 25, 1959 – Council on Foreign Relations Study Number 7 calls for a “…new international order which must be responsive to world aspirations for peace, for social and economic change…an international order…including states labeling themselves as ‘socialist’ [communist].”
1959 – “The Mid-Century Challenge to U.S. Foreign Policy” is published, sponsored by the Rockefeller Brothers’ Fund. It explains that the U.S. “cannot escape, and indeed should welcome…the task which history has imposed upon us. This is the task of helping to shape a new world order in all its dimensions – spiritual, economic, political, social.”
1962 – “The Future of Federalism” by Nelson Rockefeller claims that current events compellingly demand a “new world order.” He says there is: “A fever of nationalism…but the nation-state is becoming less and less competent to perform its international political tasks…These are some of the reasons pressing us to lead vigorously toward the true building of a new world order…Sooner perhaps than we may realize…there will evolve the bases for a federal structure of the free world.”
Nov. 13, 1963 – It is alleged that just ten days prior to his assassination, President John F. Kennedy tells a Columbia University audience: “The high office of President has been used to foment a plot to destroy the Americans’ freedom, and before I leave office I must inform the citizens of this plight.”
1966 – Professor Carroll Quigley, Bill Clinton’s mentor at Georgetown University, authors a massive volume entitled “Tragedy and Hope” in which he states: “There does exist and has existed for a generation, an international network which operates, to some extent, in the way the radical right believes the Communists act. In fact, this network, which we may identify as the Round Table Groups, has no aversion to cooperating with the Communists, or any other groups, and frequently does so. I know of the operations of this network because I have studied it for twenty years and was permitted for two years, in the early 1960s, to examine its papers and secret records. I have no aversion to it or to most of its aims and have, for much of my life, been close to it and to many of its instruments. I have objected, both in the past and recently, to a few of its policies, but in general my chief difference of opinion is that it wishes to remain unknown, and I believe its role in history is significant enough to be known.”
July 26, 1968 – Nelson Rockefeller pledges that “as President, he would work toward international creation of a new world order.”
1969 – A document entitled “Marriage and the Family” is published by the British Humanist Association stating that “some opponents of humanism have accused us of wishing to overthrow the traditional Christian family. They are right. That is exactly what we intend to do.”
1970 – The U.S. Department of Defense appropriates funds [$2 million a year for five years] for the “development of immune-system destroying agents for biological warfare.” [Source of the HIV virus which causes AIDS. The virus was then introduced into the homosexual community via hepatitis vaccine and into Central Africa via smallpox vaccine.]
1970 – Zbigniew Brzezinski [who later became President Jimmy Carter’s National Security Advisor] writes a book entitled “Between Two Ages.” He has nothing but praise for Marxism: “Marxism represents a further vital and creative stage in the maturing of man’s universal vision…Marxism is simultaneously a victory of the external, active man over the inner, passive man and a victory of reason over belief…Marxism, disseminated on the popular level in the form of communism, represents a major advance in man’s ability to conceptualize his relationship to the world.” He also describes how war can be waged against a nation without its citizens even realizing they are under attack: “Technology will make available to the leaders of major nations a variety of techniques for conducting secret warfare, of which only a bare minimum of security forces need be appraised. One nation may attack a competitor covertly…techniques of weather modification could be employed to produce prolonged periods of drought or storm, thereby weakening a nation’s capacity and forcing it to accept the demands of the competitor.”
1972 – President Nixon visits China and toasts Chinese Premier Chou En-lai by talking of “the hope that each of us has to build a new world order.”
1973 – International banker and staunch member of the subversive Council on Foreign Relations, David Rockefeller founds a new organization called the Trilateral Commission. He invites future President Jimmy Carter to become one of the founding members. Zbigniew Brzezinski is the organization’s first director.
1973 – The Club of Rome, a U.N. operative, issues a report entitled “Regionalized and Adaptive Model of the Global World System.” This report divides the entire world into ten regions.
See The Illuminati Chronicles Part II

Source
The Illuminati Chronicles Part IINovember 28, 2007
 A Short History of the New World Order Part II
By cyberpatriot@hotmail.com
Aug. 10, 1973 – David Rockefeller writes an article for the “New York Times” describing his recent visit to Red China: “Whatever the price of the Chinese Revolution, it has obviously succeeded not only in producing more efficient and dedicated administration, but also in fostering high morale and community purpose.” [Apparently, it matters very little to Mr. Rockefeller that the government of Communist China has slaughtered 64 million human beings in the process of consolidating its power and that it continues to brutally suppress all dissent.]
April 1974 – Former U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Trilateralist and CFR member Richard Gardner’s article “The Hard Road to World Order” is published in the CFR’s “Foreign Affairs,” where he states that: “…the ‘house of world order’ will have to be built from the bottom up rather than from the top down…but an end run around national sovereignty, eroding it piece by piece, will accomplish much more than the old-fashioned frontal assault.”
Fall 1976 – Radio operators all over the world begin receiving peculiar electronic pulses which they dub the “woodpecker.” [It is learned that the source of the woodpecker is the Soviet Union. Soviet weather engineers are sending out the most powerful man-made radio beams ever created – many times more powerful than anything even planned before that – in efforts to alter the earth’s weather.] 1977 – The Trilateral Commission publishes official paper #13 entitled “Collaboration with Communist Countries in Mankind’s Global Problems.” The report recommends “Trilateral/Communist cooperation in nine areas of global concern” including “weather modification.”
July 1977 – Jeremiah Novak’s article “The Trilateral Connection” appears in the “Atlantic Monthly”: “For the third time in this century, a group of American schools, businessmen, and government officials is planning to fashion a New World Order…”
April 1978 – The U.S. Department of the Army adds in its “Chaplain’s Handbook of Religious Requirements” new religions which had become federally recognized and which could be legally practiced on all military bases throughout the world. These “new” religions are Satanism, witchcraft and other occult religions.
1979 – Barry Goldwater, retiring Republican Senator from Arizona, publishes his autobiography “With No Apologies.” He writes: “In my view the Trilateral Commission represents a skillful, coordinated effort to seize control and consolidate the four centers of power – political, monetary, intellectual, and ecclesiastical. All this is to be done in the interest of creating a more peaceful, more productive world community.”
1980 – Derek Shearer, a longtime member of the Institute for Policy Studies, publishes a book entitled “Economic Democracy” in which he predicts that a far left President will be elected in the 1990s. [Only one President has been elected in the 1990s – Bill Clinton. And he was Derek Shearer’s college roommate in 1969!] The Institute for Policy Studies is “committed to socialism in America and sides with the Soviet Union on almost every important foreign policy issue.”
April 25, 1982 – A full-page ad appears in major newspapers around the world proclaiming: “THE CHRIST IS NOW HERE.” The advertising campaign coincides with the beginning of a speaking tour by one Benjamin Creme, a British theosophist. In various interviews and speeches, Creme explains that in speaking of “the Christ,” he does not mean Jesus Christ but Lord Maitreya, the World Teacher. According to Creme, Jesus, Buddha, Krishna, and others are merely disciples of Maitreya. These Ascended Masters comprise an enlightened Spiritual Hierarchy which has guided humanity’s evolution throughout history. He maintains that Lord Maitreya fulfills the expectations of all peoples. Maitreya is the Christ awaited by the Christians; to the Jews he is the Messiah, to the Moslems he is the Imam Mahdi, to the Buddhists he is the Fifth Buddha, to the Hindus he is Krishna. In the past, Creme tells us, these Ascended Masters have usually worked through disciples, but now they’re among us and ready to help our world take its next step. [Benjamin Creme’s publication “Share International” is now produced in association with the U.N.’s Department of Public Information.]
1983 – “The Humanist” publishes an essay which proclaims that “the battle for humankind’s future must be waged in the public school classroom…between the rotting corpse of Christianity and the new faith of humanism…and humanism will emerge triumphant.”
1985 – Norman Cousins, President of the World Future Society and honorary chairman of Planetary Citizens, says: “World government is coming. In fact, it is inevitable. No arguments for it or against it can change that fact.”
Aug. 13, 1986 – Associated Press reports: “People scattered over much of the eastern United States reported a mysterious light in the night sky, and residents of Kentucky said they heard a boom and felt their houses shake. There were similar reports in other parts of the East. The mysterious light was witnessed by Americans from Michigan, Maine, Louisiana and Kentucky. Some people said they saw a ‘great big ball of fire,’ Clark County Kentucky Sheriff Larry Lawson said. The people said their homes shook and windows vibrated as if there had been an explosion or earthquake, but it was just for a few seconds. They said the whole sky lit up.”
Aug. 14, 1986 – “USA Today” describes the events which occurred on the night of August 12: “A spectacular light show that pranced across the night sky east of the Mississippi had astronomers baffled.”
July 3, 1987 – The “Arizona Republic” reports: “A sharp, startling boom jolted northern San Diego County during the night, but authorities said they don’t know what caused the mysterious blast.” Meteorologist Wilbur Shigehara of the National Weather Service is quoted as saying: “It sounded like a blast from a cannon. It was a big momentary shake. It is a mystery. Last year, we had several shakes like this. It happened three or four times a day for a week. We never found out what it was.”
July 8, 1987 – The “Arizona Republic” reports: “For reasons unknown even to weather experts, the temperature at Greensberg, Kansas, jumped 20 degrees in ten minutes.” Bill Ellis, an observer for the National Weather Service, says: “I’ve never seen anything like it, and I don’t know anybody that ever has.” [A secret experiment in weather modification?]
Aug. 11, 1987 – The U.S. Patent Office grants Patent Number 4,686,605 to Dr. Bernard Eastlund, a physicist who is a consultant for the Atlantic Richfield Company. Dr. Eastlund also does work for the Defense Department’s ARPA (Advanced Research Projects Agency). The patent is for a technology to “change the weather by redirecting the very high wind patterns.” By bombarding the jet stream with high-intensity electromagnetic waves, Dr. Eastlund is able to divert it and alter the weather patterns in a particular area.
Nov. 2, 1987 – Mikhail Gorbachev addresses the Soviet Politburo: “In October 1917, we parted with the old world, rejecting it once and for all. We are moving toward a new world, the world of Communism. We shall never turn off that road!” He further reassures his Communist colleagues: “Comrades, do not be concerned about all that you hear about glasnost and perestroika and democracy in the coming years. These are primarily for outward consumption. There will be no significant internal change within the Soviet Union other than for cosmetic purposes. Our purpose is to disarm the Americans and let them fall asleep.”
June 1988 – Lord Maitreya mysteriously appears before an audience in Nairobi, Kenya. [Maitreya has appeared to several groups in different parts of the world since that time. When Maitreya appears, it is claimed that water in the area is “charged” – that it takes on miraculous healing powers. Benjamin Creme’s attitude toward those who refuse to accept this figure as the world’s Messiah is seen in this statement: “When men see Maitreya they will know that the time has come to choose; to go forward with Him into a future dazzling in its promise – or to cease to be.”]
Dec. 7, 1988 – In an address to the U.N., Mikhail Gorbachev says: “World progress is only possible through a search for universal human consensus as we move forward to a new world order.”
May 12, 1989 – At Texas A&M University, George Bush states that the United States is ready to welcome the Soviet Union “back into the world order.”
1990 – In his book “The Keys of This Blood,” Catholic priest Malachi Martin quotes Pope John Paul II as saying: “By the end of this decade we will live under the first One World Government that has ever existed in the society of nations…a government with absolute authority to decide the basic issues of survival. One world government is inevitable.”
1990 – Peter Kawaja, in charge of security for a company called Product Ingredient Technology in Boca Raton, Florida, learns to his dismay that the factory he was led to believe was manufacturing a cherry flavoring is actually producing chemical/biological agents to be shipped to Iraq. He also discovers that this is being done with the full knowledge and consent of the FBI, the CIA and the Bush Administration. When he attempts to alert authorities, government agents seize the documents he has collected and his wife is killed. [Hence, the mysterious Gulf War Illness which the Federal government refuses to acknowledge.]
Sept. 11, 1990 – In an address to Congress entitled “Toward a New World Order,” George Bush says: “The crisis in the Persian Gulf offers a rare opportunity to move toward an historic period of cooperation. Out of these troubled times a new world order can emerge. We are now in sight of a United Nations that performs as envisioned by its founders.” [But who were the founders of the U.N. and what exactly were their intentions? At least 43 members of the U.S. delegation to the founding conference in San Francisco were also members of the CFR. The Secretary General at the U.N. founding conference in 1945 was a U.S. State Department official named Alger Hiss. It was later determined that Alger Hiss was a Soviet spy. He was convicted of perjury for lying about his pro-Soviet activities. And Hiss was not just an aberration. The U.N. has always chosen socialist one-worlders for leaders.]
Oct. 1, 1990 – In a U.N. address, President Bush speaks of the “…collective strength of the world community expressed by the U.N….an historic movement towards a new world order.”
1991 – President Bush praises the New World Order in a State of the Union Message: “What is at stake is more than one small country, it is a big idea – a new world order…to achieve the universal aspirations of mankind…based on shared principles and the rule of law…The illumination of a thousand points of light…The winds of change are with us now.” [Theosophist Alice Bailey used that very same expression – “points of light” – in describing the process of occult enlightenment.]
1991 – On the eve of the Gulf War, General Brent Scowcroft, President Bush’s National Security Advisor, proclaims: “A colossal event is upon us, the birth of a New World Order.”
July 1991 – On a CNN program, former CIA Director Stansfield Turner (CFR), when asked about Iraq, responds: “We have a much bigger objective. We’ve got to look at the long run here. This is an example – the situation between the United Nations and Iraq – where the United Nations is deliberately intruding into the sovereignty of a sovereign nation…Now this is a marvelous precedent to be used in all countries of the world…”
Aug. 1991 – We are told that hard-liners in the Soviet Union have mounted a coup and that Mikhail Gorbachev has been arrested. The coup attempt fails, and this results in the apparent demise of the Soviet system and the installation of Boris Yeltsin. [It has since been learned that the “coup” was a sham designed to convince the West that Communism had fallen when in reality it had not. Mikhail Gorbachev had actually planned the staged coup three weeks before it happened. All the leaders of the coup have been pardoned and released.]
Oct. 29, 1991 – David Funderburk, former U.S. Ambassador to Romania, tells a North Carolina audience: “George Bush has been surrounding himself with people who believe in one-world government. They believe that the Soviet system and the American system are converging.”
1992 – “The Twilight of Sovereignty” by former Citicorp Chairman Walter Wriston (CFR) is published, in which he claims: “A truly global economy will require compromises of national sovereignty. There is no escaping the system.”
July 20, 1992 – “TIME” magazine publishes “The Birth of the Global Nation,” by Strobe Talbott, Rhodes Scholar, roommate of Bill Clinton at Oxford University, CFR Director and Trilateralist, in which he writes: “Nationhood as we know it will be obsolete; all states will recognize a single global authority. ‘Citizen of the world’ will have assumed real meaning.”
Aug. 21, 1992 – Near Ruby Ridge, Idaho, the home of Randy and Vicki Weaver and their four children has been under surveillance by the U.S. Marshals Service for 17 months. When the family dog begins barking, family friend Kevin Harris and the Weavers’ 13-year-old son Sammy follow, thinking it is on the scent of a deer. Men in camouflage clothing (the marshals) shoot the dog, and Harris and Sammy return fire. Deputy Marshal William Degan and Sammy are killed in the exchange. Sammy is shot in the back as he runs for the house. The Marshals Service requests assistance from the FBI, which sends its Hostage Rescue Team (HRT) to the scene.
Aug. 22, 1992 – A HRT sniper, Lon Horiuchi, fires two shots: the first wounds Randy Weaver (though not seriously); the second kills Vicki Weaver as she holds her baby in her arms and seriously wounds Kevin Harris. [Randy Weaver’s “violation”? He had allegedly sawed off a shotgun barrel a quarter of an inch too short. For that, his house was surrounded by Federal agents and his wife and son were killed.]
Aug. 31, 1992 – The 11-day siege ends when Randy Weaver surrenders to authorities. [A jury found Weaver innocent of the original firearms violation he was accused of.]
1993 – A second Parliament of World Religions is held in Chicago on the 100th anniversary of the first. Like the first convention, this one seeks to join all the religions of the world into “one harmonious whole,” but it wants to make them “merge back into their original element.” Traditional beliefs of monotheistic religions such as Christianity are considered incompatible with individual “enlightenment” and must be drastically altered.
Feb. 28, 1993 – A force of 76 ATF agents becomes embroiled in a deadly firefight with Branch Davidians while attempting to present an arrest warrant on the sect leader David Koresh for alleged federal firearms and explosives violations. Four ATF agents are killed [Steve Willis, Robert William, Conway Lebleu, and Tod McKeehan transferred from the Secret Service, where they were Clinton guards – to BATF prior to the assault – Killed by friendly fire. All died with gunshot wounds to the left temple. -Ed., from Slick’s Skeleton’s list] and 16 wounded during the shootout, while an estimated six Davidians are killed and an unknown number (including Koresh) injured. [Federal law strictly prohibits the use of military personnel and equipment against American citizens. An exception is allowed if drugs are involved. ATF agents simply lied in order to obtain the use of National Guard helicopters in their assault. They claimed there was a methamphetamine lab in the Branch Davidian compound. There was no evidence whatsoever of the existence of a methamphetamine lab in the Branch Davidian compound. There are no indications that the ATF ever attempted to serve their warrant or even announce who they were. They just emerged from stock trailers with guns blazing. At the same time that the ground assault began, helicopter gunships began firing at the Branch Davidian compound from above. The Branch Davidians did not begin returning fire until nine minutes after the ATF attack began. The ATF had also positioned snipers in a building some distance away from the Branch Davidian compound. They could not shoot at the Branch Davidians without firing over the heads of the attacking ATF agents. It is entirely possible that some of the ATF casualties were hit by their own men. Two of the ATF agents who were killed in the raid had entered a second story window of the Branch Davidian home. A third ATF agent then fired directly into the window his comrades had just entered.]
April 19, 1993 – Following a 51-day siege, military tanks driven by FBI personnel begin punching holes in the Branch Davidian complex to insert a tearing agent and end the standoff. Shortly after noon, fire breaks out within the building and it is rapidly engulfed in flames. The remains of at least 74 individuals, including 21 children under the age of 16, are recovered from the ruins, some of whom had died of gunshot wounds. [The CS gas the FBI introduced into the Branch Davidian compound had been previously banned from international warfare. The U.S. couldn’t have used it against Saddam Hussein, yet it was used on women and children at Waco. The manufacturer of the gas had quit selling it to Israel because they had used it against Palestinians in their homes, and several children had been killed by it. The manufacturer had warned that the gas should not be used in a closed space because of its potentially lethal consequences. The gas is also highly flammable. Paul Gray, the “independent” arson investigator who determined that the Branch Davidians were responsible for the fire, was a former ATF employee, and his wife was a current ATF employee – hardly an unbiased third party. In Congressional hearings, Attorney General Janet Reno claimed the government had to act because children were being abused. This raises an interesting question: Why was the ATF involved at all? Child abuse cases are not within the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms. Kiri Jewell, the 14-year-old girl whose tear-jerking testimony convinced many that the raid was justified, was not even with the Branch Davidians at the time she alleges that David Koresh abused her. She was living with her mother and grandmother in California.]
July 18, 1993 – CFR member and Trilateralist Henry Kissinger writes in the “Los Angeles Times” concerning NAFTA: “What Congress will have before it is not a conventional trade agreement but the architecture of a new international system…a first step toward a new world order.”
July 20, 1993 – White House Counsel Vincent Foster is found dead in Ft. Marcy Park under mysterious circumstances. He had been shot in the head. The official ruling is suicide. FBI Director William Sessions is fired by President Clinton only hours before Foster turns up dead. [In order to get to the location where his body was found, Foster would have had to walk 700 feet through a heavily wooded park. Yet no soil was found on his shoes. FBI agents were prevented from investigating Foster’s office by Administration officials until after they had removed several files. Vincent Scalice, an expert witness who has investigated thousands of homicides during his 35 years as a homicide investigator for the New York City Police Department, observes: “In my experience, I have never seen a case so poorly handled and investigated, especially since there is so much evidence of foul play.” Vince Foster had been a partner with Hillary Clinton in the Rose Law Firm.]
Oct. 30, 1993 – “Washington Post” ombudsman Richard Harwood does an op-ed piece about the role of the CFR’s media members: “Their membership is an acknowledgment of their ascension into the American ruling class where they do not merely analyze and interpret foreign policy for the United States; they help make it.”
Feb. 1994 – A U.S. District Court jury in San Antonio, Texas, finds 11 members of the Branch Davidian sect innocent of murder and conspiracy charges at Waco.
Sept. 23, 1994 – The globalists realize that as more and more people begin to wake up to what’s going on, they have only a limited amount of time in which to implement their policies. Speaking at the United Nations Ambassadors’ dinner, David Rockefeller remarks: “This present window of opportunity, during which a truly peaceful and interdependent world order might be built, will not be open for too long.” [Notice that he did not question if world order would come – only whether it would arrive peacefully.] He believes: “We are on the verge of a global transformation. All we need is the right major crisis and the nations will accept the New World Order.”
March 1995 – U.N. delegates meet in Copenhagen, Denmark, to discuss various methods for imposing global taxes on the people of the world.
April 19, 1995 – An explosion devastates the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, resulting in the deaths of 168 people. [Both former FBI agent Ted Gunderson and Air Force explosives expert General Benton Partin say that an ammonium-nitrate/fuel oil bomb in a truck parked in front of the building could not possibly have caused the extensive structural damage that resulted. There had to be explosives attached to the columns inside the building. Some of the debris from the Murrah Building was blown toward the truck. Dr. Raymon Brown, a geophysicist for the Oklahoma Geological Survey, reports seismic data for that date which indicate that there were actually two explosions about 12 seconds apart. Televised video taken shortly after the bombing shows unexploded devices from the building being hauled away by the bomb squad. Edye Smith, whose two children were killed in the Murrah daycare, asked the question on national TV, “Where was the ATF?” All of their employees survived because they were told not go in to work that day. After she asked that question, she says government agents told her, “Keep your mouth shut, don’t talk about it.” Lester Martz, in charge of the Dallas ATF office, claims that an ATF agent and a DEA agent were riding in an elevator in the building, that after the blast their elevator free fell 50 feet and that they escaped from the elevator and rescued several people. Yet elevator service personnel say that no one was in the elevators, none of the elevators free fell and the doors of all the elevators were jammed shut by the explosion. They say that if anyone had free fallen 50 feet they would have, at the very least, broken their ankles. When asked if he had suspected that something might happen on April 19th, John Magaw, Director of the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms, replied that he had, and he stated that all BATF facilities across the country had been notified to be on the alert. When BATF agents in Oklahoma City were asked that same question, they replied that they had no idea anything would happen on that date. Clearly, somebody is not telling the truth. Immediately after the bombing, the FBI launched a massive manhunt for “John Doe No. 2.” Now we are expected to believe that he never existed. Witnesses who say they saw John Doe No. 2 were not allowed to testify before the grand jury which indicted Timothy McVeigh.]
May 1995 – Incredibly, Larry Potts, the FBI’s man in charge of the Ruby Ridge and Waco operations, is promoted to become the number two man at the Bureau.
Sept. 1995 – “Popular Science” magazine describes a top secret U.S. Navy installation called HAARP (High-Frequency Active Auroral Research Program) in the state of Alaska. This project beams powerful radio energy into the earth’s upper atmosphere. One of the goals of the program is to develop the capability of “manipulating local weather” using the techniques developed by Bernard Eastlund. [The program has been underway since 1990.]
Sept. 27-Oct. 1, 1995 – “The State of the World Forum” takes place, sponsored by the Gorbachev Foundation, located at the Presidio in San Francisco. [It is important to realize that Mikhail Gorbachev established his foundation in 1991, before the coup attempt which eventually led to his “fall” from office and the breakup of the Soviet Union.] Foundation President Jim Garrison chairs the meeting, which includes Mikhail Gorbachev, George Bush, Britain’s Margaret Thatcher, Canadian occultist Maurice Strong, media mogul Ted Turner, Microsoft wizard Bill Gates and others. Conversation centers around the oneness of mankind and the coming global government. However, the term “global governance” is used in place of “new world order” since the latter has become a lightning rod for opponents of global government. The mission statement issued by the conference organizers is direct and revealing: “The State of the World Forum will focus on the fundamental challenges and opportunities as we enter the next phase of human development. It is being held in the belief that at this momentous juncture in history, we are giving birth to the first global civilization.”
See The Illuminati Chronicles Part I

Source
The Life of an American Jew in Racist Marxist Israel Part IJuly 2, 2007
Jack Bernstein – The People’s Voice 2006
“…Judaism is a religion; but Zionism is a political movement started mainly by East European (Ashkenazi) Jews who for centuries have been the main force behind communism/socialism. The ultimate goal of the Zionists is one-world government under the control of the Zionists and the Zionist-oriented Jewish international bankers.” – Jack Bernstein
 
“In Germany, the average Jews were victims of the Zionist elite who worked hand in hand with the Nazis. Many of those same Zionist Jews who, in Germany, had worked with the Nazis, came to Israel and joined hands with the Zionist/Communist Jews from Poland and Russia. It is the two faces of communism and Nazi-style fascism that rule Israel. Democracy is merely an illusion.” – Jack Bernstein
 
The late Jack Bernstein was a rarity an American Zionist who actually “returned” to Israel, not for a vacation or to summer on a kibbutz, but to live and die in Israel building a Jewish nation. What makes him almost one of a kind, though, was his ability to see through the sham and hype to the oppressive, racist, parasitic character of Zionism as practiced in modern Israel, and his courage to denounce it with the force and fervor of an Old Testament prophet.
Bernstein tells how it was, how it is, and how it will be, as long as American taxpayers tolerate their leaders bowing to every wish and whim of the Ashkenazic (Eastern European) elite which rules Israel. He takes the reader on a guided tour through Israel’s history, institutions and values, demonstrating how the best traditions of Biblical Judaism have been obscured, corrupted, or cast out to make way for the totalitarian, militaristic, chauvinist monster that is the Israel of today.
Bernstein tells how it was, how it is, and how it will be, as long as American taxpayers tolerate their leaders; bowing to every wish and whim of the Ashkenazic (Eastern European) elite which rules Israel. He takes the reader on a guided tour through Israel’s history, institutions and values, demonstrating how the best traditions of Biblical Judaism have been obscured, corrupted, or cast out to make way for the totalitarian, militaristic, chauvinist monster that is the Israel of today.
In Racist Marxist Israel is an irrefutable demonstration that Israeli Jews¡Xand their Zionist kindred around the world¡Xmaintain a double standard on political morality and ethics, and that they support themselves, indeed wax fat on, the sweat and tears and toil and money of non-Jews.
Many Jews and many more non-Jews won¡t like this book. Its author’s insistence that what’s sauce for the Gentile goose must also be sauce for the Zionist gander will leave a bitter taste in the mouths of large segments of America’s self-hating, sackcloth-and-ashes set. All readers of good will, however, will hail Jack Bernstein for his long and arduous march, from dual-loyalist to practicing Zionist to true-red-white-and-blue American patriot, a twentieth-century Paul Revere for all real Americans, Jews and Gentiles alike.
Intoduction
Before Israel became a state in 1948, Jews worldwide were filled with Zionist propaganda that Israel would be a homeland for all Jews, a refuge for persecuted Jews, a democratic country and the fulfillment of biblical prophecy.
I am an Ashkenazi Jew who spent the first 25 years of my life in the United States, the country that has given ALL Jews freedom and the opportunity to prosper — and prosper we Jews did, to the point that one portion of the Jews (the Zionists) have gained a position of political and economic dominance in the U.S.
To fully understand the story I am about to tell, it is important that you understand what Zionism really is. Zionist propaganda has led the American people to believe that Zionism and Judaism are one and the same and that they are religious in nature. This is a blatant lie.
Judaism is a religion; but Zionism is a political movement started mainly by East European (Ashkenazi) Jews who for centuries have been the main force behind communism/socialism. The ultimate goal of the Zionists is one-world government under the control of the Zionists and the Zionist-oriented Jewish international bankers. Communism/socialism are merely tools to help them accomplish their goal.
I was a Victim of Zionist Propaganda
After the 1967 War, we Jews were filled with pride that ‘our homeland’ had become so powerful and successful. Then too, we had been filled with the false propaganda that Jews in America were being persecuted. So, between 1967 and 1970 approximately 50.000 American Jews fell for this Zionist propaganda and migrated to Israel. I was one of those suckers.
 After being filled with all this false Zionist propaganda, I felt that I would have a better chance to succeed in the new Jewish state. There was an added enticement, the spirit and challenge of pioneering and of helping my fellow Jews.
Dual Citizenship
I had no emotional conflict with leaving the U.S. because I was still able to keep my U.S. citizenship and could return to the U.S. at any time. You see, Jews are allowed to be citizens of both Israel and some countries — U.S. is one of those countries. The U.S. government allows a Jew to be a citizen of both U.S. and Israel.
 German Americans cannot be citizens of both the U.S. and Germany. Italian Americans cannot be citizen of both U.S. and Italy. Egyptian-Americans cannot be citizens of both the U.S. and Egypt . . . BUT, a Jewish American can be a citizen of both Israel and the U.S. THIS IS A GOOD EXAMPLE OF THE POWER THE ZIONIST JEWS HAVE OVER THE U.S. GOVERNMENT.
 I Arrive in the “Jewish Paradise”
Before leaving for Israel, a Jewish friend of mine had made arrangements for me to stay a few days with her sister, Fawzia Daboul and her spinster aunt. After arriving at Lod Airport just outside of Tel Aviv, I took a bus to the home of Miss Daboul and her aunt. When I saw Fawzia, it was love at first sight. I started calling her ‘Ziva’ her Hebrew name. Ziva is a Sephardic Jewess from Iraq who, like myself, had fallen for the Zionist propaganda and had migrated to Israel. She was employed as a hairdresser.
The Kibbutz
After visiting with Ziva and her her aunt for two days, I left to spend 6 months at Kibbutz ‘Ein Hashofet’ one of the well over 150 such communes then operating in Israel. Since then, many more have been started — especially in the territory taken from the Palestinian Arabs. A kibbutz is a farming and sometimes industrial venture. It is important to explain that Israel’s Kibbutz system is a Marxist idea brought to Israel by the Ashkenazi Jews who migrated to Israel mainly from Poland and Russia. These Jews are part of that bunch of Jews know as the BOLSHEVIKS. Before 1917, they were the force that laid the foundation for the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917 in Russia and the start of Communism.
 Again, I want to point out, even emphasize, that it is some of that same bunch of Ashkenazi, Communist/Socialist Jews who migrated to Israel, gained control of the Zionist Movement and have dominated the government of Israel since its beginning in 1948.
Now, back to the kibbutz
Prior to 1967, most of the work on the Kibbutz was done by Jews. But, since the 1967 War, the work has been done by Arabs who are paid a very low wage, and by volunteers from overseas. Members of the Kibbutz (all Jews) share all things equally. They receive clothing, food and a small allowance. All profits from the venture go into the Kibbutz account for future use. EACH OF THESE KIBBUTZ ARE AFFILIATED WITH ONE OF ISRAEL’S MARXIST PARTIES ranging from SOCIALIST TO HARD-CORE COMMUNIST.
 The Kibbutz I was in was not hardcore communist. Yet, I was happy to leave after 4 months — two months earlier than originally planned. During the time I was working in the Kibbutz, I carried on courtship with Ziva. She was one of the reasons I left the Kibbutz after only 4 months — we were to be married.
Our Marriage Created Problems
 The marriage ceremony was held in the Sephardic Synagogue. The ceremony was simple but beautiful. Ziva and I were happy, but our marriage created serious problems. You see, Ziva is a Sephardic Jewess and I am an Ashkenazi Jew. For an Ashkenazi Jew to marry a Sephardic Jew is frowned upon in Israel by the ruling Ashkenazi’s. To understand why this is the case, you must realize the difference between the Sephardic and Ashkenazi Jews.
 The powerful Zionist propaganda machine has led the American people to believe that a Jew is a Jew — one race of people and that they are “God’s Chosen People”. I will deal with the “God’s Chosen People” LIE later. First, it is important for you to understand that Jews are NOT one race of people
 There are two distinct groups of Jews in the world and they come from two different areas of the world — the Sephardic Jews from the Middle East and North Africa and the Ashkenazi Jews come from Eastern Europe. The Sephardic is the oldest group and it is they, if any, who are the Jews described in the Bible because they lived in the area described in the Bible. They are blood relatives to the Arabs — the only difference between them is the religion.
 The Ashkenazi Jews, who now compromise 90% of the Jews in the world, had a rather strange beginning. According to historians, many of them Jewish, the Ashkenazi Jews came into existence about 1200 years ago. It happened this way:
 At the eastern edge of Europe, there lived a tribe of people know as the Khazars. About the year 740 A.D., the Khazar king and his court decided they should adopt a religion for their people. So, representatives of the three major religions, Christianity, Islam and Judaism, were invited to present their religious doctrines. The Khazars chose Judaism, but it wasn’t for religious reasons. If the Khazars had chosen Islam, they would have angered the strong Christian world. If they had chosen Christianity, they would have angered the strong Islamic world. So, they played it safe — they chose Judaism. It wasn’t for religious reasons the Khazars chose Judaism; it was for political reasons.
 Sometime during the 13th century, the Khazars were driven from their land and they migrated westward with most of them settling in Poland and Russia. These Khazars are now known as Ashkenazi Jews. Because these Khazar Ashkenazi Jews merely chose Judaism, they are not really Jews at least not blood Jews.
 Throughout their history, these Polish and Russian Ashkenazi Jews practiced communism/socialism and worked to have their ideas implemented in these countries.
 By the late 1800s significant numbers of these communist/socialist Jews were found in Germany, the Balkans and eventually all over Europe. Because of their interference in the social and governmental affairs of Russia, they became the target of persecution by the Czars. Because of this, migration of these communist/socialist oriented Jews began. Some went to Palestine; some to Central and South America; and a large number of them came to the U.S.
 Political Zionism is Born
 In 1897, the First Zionist Congress was held in Basle, Switzerland. At this Congress, it was decided to work toward the establishment of a Jewish state and a search for land on which to build this Jewish state began. Great Britain offered the Zionists land in Africa. This the Zionists rejected: they wanted Palestine!
At the time, Palestine was inhabited by a half a million Palestinian Arabs and a few Palestinian Jews who are blood related and who had lived together in peace for centuries. With Palestine as their choice for a homeland, European Ashkenazi Jews began migrating to Palestine. As I explained earlier, most were communist/socialist oriented with some of them being radical Bolshevik communists whose aim is world domination.
 So when you think of Jews, especially as related to Israel, keep in mind that there is a great difference between Sephardic and Ashkenazi Jews. They are not one united people. They are divided socially, politically and especially racially. Now, back to Ziva, a Sephardic Jewess and I an Ashkenazi Jew, and our lives in the so-called democratic country of Israel.
 Sephardic Jews — Second Class Citizens
 For the first three years of our marriage, it was necessary for us to live with Ziva’s aunt. This was because of the critical housing shortage in Israel and because of racism. Housing is allotted as follows:
 * Ashkenazi Jews who have lived in Israel for many years are given first choice.
* Second in line are Ashkenazi Jews from Europe — especially if they are married or marry an Israel-born Ashkenazi Jew.
* The next favored are Ashkenazi Jews from the U.S. — especially if they marry an Israeli born Ashkenazi.
* Sephardic Jews have the next choice of whatever housing is left.
* At the bottom of the list are Moslems, Druze and Christians.
 Opportunities for employment follow the same pattern: Ashkenazi Jews get the choicest jobs, Sephardic Jews next, and Moslem, Druze and Christians fill the menial jobs with a great many left unemployed. Even through I was an Ashkenazi Jew from the U.S., I was placed lower on the list for housing because I married a Sephardic Jewess.Being denied housing was my second experience of the intense racism that exist in Israel. From the very beginning of my arrival in Israel, many slurs were yelled at me. We American Jews were merely being tolerated. Because Israel, to survive, must depend on gifts of American Jews and the sale of worthless Israeli Bonds in America, there is jealousy among the elite Israeli Ashkenazi Jews toward American Jews, even if the American Jews are also Ashkenazi. Many times I was told, “Go Home!” and, “We want your money, but not you.”
 However, there was a portion of the American Jews who were welcome and given favored treatment. They were the card-carrying communist Jews.
 Of the 50.000 American Jews who, like myself, had migrated to Israel between 1967 and 1970 about 20% (10.000) of them were Marxist oriented with a great number of them actual card carrying communists. They were welcomed by the Israeli authorities and local Ashkenazi and were given favored treatment — housing, jobs and social life. It must be noted besides coming from the U.S., a great number of communist Jews were migrating to Israel from Chile, Argentina and South Africa.
 Of the 50.000 who had migrated to Israel during that time, 80% of us eventually returned to the U.S.
 The 20% who remained were those who were card-carrying communist or sympathetic to Marxism.
 Three Faces of Israel
 From what I have told you so far, you must have the idea that Israel is a Marxist (socialist/communist) country. This would be correct. But, Israel has three faces: Communism, Fascism and democracy. The Ashkenazi Jews who migrated to Israel from Russia brought with them the ideology of socialism/communism and have put into practice much of that ideology. The Ashkenazi Jews who migrated to Israel from Germany, while sympathetic to communism and support it, tend to favor the practices of Nazi-style fascism. During World War II, in Germany these elite Zionist Ashkenazi Jews worked closely with Hitler’s Gestapo in persecuting the lower class German Jews and delivering them to concentration camps.
 Now living in Israel, these elite Zionist Jews, who were well trained in Nazi-style fascism and favor it, have imposed many facets of fascism on Israel. To give the impression that Israel is a democracy, members of the Knesset (Israel Congress) are elected — an odd type of election. This is where Israel’s so-called democracy stops. It doesn’t make any difference which party wins an election, the LIKUD or LABOR, the elite Zionist Jews rule in a dictatorial manner — giving favors to the elite clique and brutally suppressing any dissent.
 In the Zionist/communist scheme of world domination, it is Israel’s role to continually stir up trouble in the Middle East. Since wars are a big part of this scheme of aggression, it is only natural that from early childhood on, Israeli youth are trained mentally and physically for war. For instance: Israel has its equivalent of Hitler’s youth group. It is the Gadna; and all high school and junior high students are required to participate — boys and girls. Like Hitler’s youth group, the youth in Israel’s Gadna are dressed in khaki uniforms. They take training and engage in paramilitary exercises.
 Even at play, guns and thoughts of war are present. When on a picnic, instead of taking along baseball or soccer equipment, they take sub-machine guns and assault rifles and practice shooting and playing military games.
 Once graduated from high school, all young boys are required to serve 3 years in the army (2 years for girls) or 4 years in the navy or air force (3 for girls). Ultra orthodox religious Jews are exempt from military service.
 Once out of the service, a number of the ex-service people join the Shin Bet, the equivalent of Hitler’s Gestapo. Like the Gestapo, they engage in repressing anyone who acts or speaks out against the Marxist/Fascist government of Zionist dominated Israel.
 Like in Nazi Germany, all people in Israel are required to carry identity booklets called “Teudat Zehut” in Hebrew.
 One day I changed jackets and forgot to take out my ID booklet when I went down town in Tel Aviv. A police officer approached me and asked for my “Teudat Zehut”. I told him I had left it in my other jacket. Because I didn’t have my ID booklet with me, I was taken to the police station. At the police station, the desk sergeant informed me that for not having my ID booklet with me, I could be jailed for up to 16 days without even being taken before a judge. All that was necessary is for the Police Lieutenant to sign a “Remand Order”.
 I asked permission to make a telephone call to my wife and tell her to bring my ID booklet to the station.
 The sergeant allowed me two hours to have my “Teudat Zehut” produced. I called my wife and she brought my “Teudat Zehut” — arriving just minutes before the 2 hour deadline expired. If she had been late in arriving, I would have been jailed for 16 days for not having my ID booklet with me. This is just one indication that Israel is a ‘Police State’ and not a democracy.
 Concerning Nazism/Fascism, please let me clear a point. Germans are an admirable people — I dare say even great. But in Germany, the general population were victims of the Nazis who through cunning and brutality gained power. In Germany, the average Jews were victims of the Zionist elite who worked hand in hand with the Nazis. Many of those same Zionist Jews who, in Germany, had worked with the Nazis, came to Israel and joined hands with the Zionist/Communist Jews from Poland and Russia. It is the two faces of communism and Nazi-style fascism that rule Israel. Democracy is merely an illusion.
 Regarding the tie between the elite Ashkenazi Jew and the Nazis, take a look at the word ‘Ashkenazi’ — look again ‘Ashke-NAZI’.
 Interesting isn’t it?
 There is a great confusion regarding the relationship of fascism to communism. Fascism is national socialism. Communism is international socialism.
 Israel’s Economy
 Economically, Israel is bankrupt. Of course, this could have been predicted because Israel’s economic structure is based on socialism.
 Whenever a government of a state and its citizens spend more money than the value of the goods produced, economic bankruptcy will result. If it were not for aid from America, Israel’s economy would have collapsed long ago. Israel is a ‘welfare state’ in every sense of the word — it is America’s most favored welfare recipient.
 While America’s farmers, small businessmen and laborers are struggling to survive, the U.S. Government, dominated by Zionist Jews, are draining the pockets and purses of American taxpayers to support Israel’s socialist economy and war machine.
 Since the Israeli government knows, and the favored Zionists know, that the Zionist pressure in America will ensure that America will keep sending them massive amounts of money, Israel’s government and its favored citizens spend money like drunken sailors. This practice leads to inflation and eventually to an economic collapse.
 Comparing Israel to drunken sailors is unfair to sailors. Sailors spend their OWN money — Israel spends money it gets from America. Because Israel is a welfare state depending mainly on American aid for survival, it is on a down-hill slide. In 1982, Israel’s inflation rate was 130%.
 In 1983, it was 200%, and this year (1984) it is expected to exceed 400%. That means a hamburger that cost $1.00 last January will have risen to $5.00 by the end of December. History shows that no nation mired in economic problems as Israel has become, has ever avoided an economic collapse. Only with a massive increase in American financial aid can an economic collapse be averted — even then, this solution would only be temporary.
 Regarding the destructive tendencies of socialism, there are circumstances that allow a country to successfully provide social programs to help its people. It is possible in a country that has sufficient financial resource and where its citizens are deeply religious and considerate their fellowmen.
 NONE of this exists in Israel. Even in countries where conditions are ideal there lingers a danger. Since the government of the country provides for the needs of its citizens, most of these citizens have a tendency to lose incentive to work hard; and a country with a complacent citizenry is easily conquered.
 Visitors to Israel
 Tourism is one of Israel’s main sources of income. The largest group of visitors are American Jews. But, there are also many American Christians who want to visit the holy shrines and to see the land of ‘God’s Chosen People’.
These Christians come away very impressed and filled with religious fervor.
 While in Israel, Jews and Gentiles alike are carefully watched so that they do not stray and happen to see the sordid side of Israel — the true Israel.
 Like in Soviet Russia and other communist countries, visitors to Israel are taken on carefully planned guided tours. They are shown the religious sites, the universities, the lush orchards, the technical accomplishments, the arts, and to stir sympathy, they are taken to visit the Holocaust Museum. But, kept from the eyes of the tourists are the ghettos, the prisons where political prisoners, mostly Arabs and Sephardic Jews, are subjected to the most inhumane forms of torture. The tourists do not see the widespread crime activities and the corruption and cooperation between organized crime bosses and government and police officials.
 The tourists do not learn of the true inner workings of Israel’s Marxist/Fascist government; nor do they see Israel’s Racism.
 I met one American Tourist who couldn’t help telling me about the wonderful religious feeling she had from being in Israel — the Holy Land. I remarked to her, “Just try giving a Bible to a local Jew and you will see how much religion and religious freedom there is in Israel. If seen by the police, you will be arrested.
 Regarding the Holocaust Museum, I cannot help but comment:
 THE HOLOCAUST MAY NOT HAVE HAPPENED — IF —
If the Zionist leadership in Germany had not cooperated with the Nazis.
2) If the Zionists, world-wide, had not persuaded various countries to refuse to accept Jews from Germany. The Zionists in America persuaded President Roosevelt to shut the door and not allow Jewish refugees into America before the war when there was still a chance for Jews to leave Germany.
 It must be added that many people, including Jews, question whether the Holocaust happened as portrayed by the Zionist propagandists — at least not to the extent the Zionist claim.
 Religion
 The land on which the present state of Israel has been built, formerly Palestine, was once walked upon by Moses, Jesus and Muhammad.
 Since Palestine was the site of many religious events and has many religious sites, it is rightfully referred to as the HOLY LAND. So, one would think that Palestine, now Israel, would tend to have an air of holiness about it.
 When Palestinian Moslems and Palestinian Jews occupied Palestine, there was a religious aura. But, Since the Zionists took over the area and set up the state of Israel, it is one of the most sinful nations in the world where only 5% of the Jews are religious. It is interesting to note that who are strongly religious are Arab Moslems and Arab Christians who make up a small minority in Israel.
 Israeli laws suppress all religion — For instance, it is against the law to try and convert a Jew to another religion even if the Jew is an atheist or humanist.
 A Christian is permitted to preach the gospel in a church building, but for the clergy or anyone to even tell one about teachings in the Bible outside the church building will bring a 5 years prison sentence.
 For a Christian to give a Bible or religious article to a Jew will also bring a 5 years sentence. Even an act of kindness by a Christian toward a Jew, such as giving a gift of food, can be interpreted as trying to convert the Jew to Christianity and can bring a 5 year prison sentence.
 This same law of religious suppression applies to those of the Islamic faith who in an act of kindness give a gift of any kind to a Jew. A 5 year prison sentence can result.
 The treatment of religious Jews is touchy for the ruling Zionists. World-wide, Jews and non-Jews view Israel as a land where Jews may practice their religion without persecution. Therefore, the Zionists do not dare risk suppressing Judaism for fear of arousing world opinion against them. So, the ruling Zionists merely tolerate the religious practices of the small minority of religious Jews in Israel.
 God’s Chosen People
The American people have been led to believe that Jews are “God’s Chosen People”. This myth was started by a small group of Jews. A few Jewish leaders took excerpts from the Bible and interpreted them as “Chosen People”. But, isn’t it odd that it is not the religious Jews who claim to be “God’s Chosen People”. It is the atheistic non-believing Jews who claim that honor.
 Leading the cry, “We are God’s Chosen People” are the Zionist/Marxist (Ashkenazi) Jews who for political purposes chose Judaism and who don’t have a drop of biblical Jewish blood in them.
 One Israeli religious Jew said it well, “At one time we Jews were chosen by God to be his messengers. But, long ago we forfeited that right”.
 Anyone who has read the Bible with an open mind knows that God gave Jews of that time special favors. But, it was in the form of covenants. In these covenants were conditions — the conditions were that God demanded the Jews obey His Word. Time after time the Jews broke the covenants. They rejected God and turned to adoring mammon. It doesn’t take a biblical scholar to realize that long ago even the real Jews lost the right of being God’s chosen people.
In comparing the degree to which the followers of the 3 major religions practice their beliefs, I make this observation:
 Judaism — Few Jews, Sephardic or Ashkenazi, are religious. This is true in America, in Israel and world-wide.
 Christianity — The Christians religion has felt the influence of Jewish meddling and infiltration (especially in America) resulting in confusion and bickering between the various Christian denominations. This has led to a ‘luke-warm’ attitude among most Christians toward their religion. There is evidence to prove that Jews, or one of their many fronts, have started many of the Christian denominations and thus dominate doctrine.
 Islam — Moslems, who follow the teachings of Islam, are by far the most fervent of the 3 major religions in following their religious beliefs.
 The Judeo-Christian ethic we hear so much about in America is a big joke — the result of an intense Zionist propaganda campaign.
 I’ll toss in one last thought about the “God’s Chosen People” myth: God said, ‘Beware of those who call themselves Jews and are not, for they lie’. Could it be the Ashkenazi Jews are the people to whom God was referring?
 Israel Stirs Perpetual War
In the Holy land, it would seem that there would be peace. Instead, war and preparation for war is ever present. The Israeli military machine is recognized as the fourth most powerful in the world. From the standpoint of the amount of planes, tanks and other fighting equipment, plus the fact that it is of the latest design, does make the military machine of Israel very powerful. But, in the army, serious weaknesses have developed.
 Before exploring the weaknesses of Israel’s army, let’s briefly review each of the wars in which Israel has been involved — an average of one every 8 years since it became a state in 1948.
 1948 War — Just after Israel had declared itself a state, Palestinians and other Arabs attacked the Israeli Army which had been formed out of the terrorist groups, the Irgun and Stem Gang. The reason for the attack by Palestinians was to try and regain their homes which, through murder and terrorism, the Zionists had confiscated. The Palestinians had been a peaceful people and were not trained in the art of warfare, while the Ashkenazi Zionist Jews who had migrated from Soviet Russia, Poland and Germany had more knowledge of tactical warfare.
 In addition, Zionists had built up a large amount of arms which they had purchased from the U.S. and communist countries and had illegally smuggled into the area. The Arabs were defeated and in the process, Israel conquered more Palestinian territory.
 1956 — Egypt owned the land through which the Suez Canal flows. Egypt’s President Nasser declared his intention of taking over operation of the canal from England. This would have hurt England’s colonial empire. So, England along with France and Israel conspired to attack Egypt.
 With Egypt nearly subdued, America’s President Eisenhower stepped in and ordered England, France and Israel to withdraw. At the time, the United States was still militarily strong enough to back Eisenhower’s order, so England, France and Israel did withdraw. This was the only time during U.S.-Israeli relations that a U.S. president put the interests of America ahead of Israel’s interest.
 1967 War — Tension was mounting between Egypt and Israel over territory located between the two countries — the Sinai and Gaza Strip.
 To help Israel get an unfair advantage, the Soviet Union resorted to trickery: Soviet diplomats in Egypt told President Nasser to threaten war but not attack. Then Soviet diplomats told Israel’s leaders to threaten war and then go ahead and attack. This act of treachery enabled Israel to attack while Egypt was ‘off-guard’ and destroy Egypt’s military capacity in 6 days.
 It has been the goal of Israel’s leaders to take over all the land between the Nile and Euphrates Rivers. Besides the Sinai and Gaza Strip which Israel intended to take from Egypt during the war, they desired the West Bank which was part of Jordan, and the Golan Heights which was part of Syria. So during the 1967 War, Israel resorted to trickery.
 Israel had the technical equipment to intercept radio messages and change these messages (boil them) and then send them on to their destination. During the war, Israel intercepted messages from Egypt to Jordan and Syria and changed the messages, tricking Jordan and Syria into entering the war. The Arab countries were defeated and Israel took a big step toward it’s goal of conquest by occupying the Golan Heights and the West Bank as well as the Sinai and Gaza Strip.
 Even though Israel’s attack on Egypt is called the 1967 War and often referred to as the Six-day War, it can hardly be called a war. Egypt, the most powerful Arab nation at that time, didn’t have a chance to fight. Trickery on the part of the Soviet Union and Israel as I have explained, rendered the so-called 1967 War nothing more than a treacherous act of terrorism for which the Soviets and Israel are famous.
Source
See The Life of an American Jew in Racist Marxist Israel Part II
Back to the Future!!! Part 2May 21, 2007
Rixon Stewart – 2003
Given Einstein’s endorsement of Hapgood’s ideas it is reasonable to ask whether his hypothesis could actually happen again. But its a question that our scientific and academic establishment seemed disinclined to even consider. So perhaps we should look for an answer elsewhere. For in the writings of Ursula Sontheil there is a scenario with an intriguing similarity to the consequences of a polar shift. Born in Norfolk in 1488 Ursula Sontheil is probably better known today as Mother Shipton. Amongst her prophecy’s for the future she wrote:
“When pictures seem alive with movement free
When boats like fishes swim beneath the sea…
The tides will rise beyond their ken
To bite away the shores and then
The mountains will begin to roar
And earthquakes split the plain to shore
And flooding waters, rushing in
Will flood the land with such a din
That mankind cowers in muddy fen
And snarls about his fellow men…”
It should be mentioned that these lines were originally transcribed by a Nexus reader, who smuggled them out of the Mitchell Library in Sidney, Australia, where they were kept under lock and key, deemed ‘unsuitable’ for public viewing. The lines continue:
“…Not every land on earth will sink
But these will wallow in stench and stink
Of rotting bodies of beast and man
Of vegetation crisped on land.
But the land that rises from the sea
Will be dry and clean and soft and free
Of mankind’s dirt and therefore be
The source of man’s new dynasty.”
Mother Shipton’s writings seem to indicate just such an event but there are a couple of further points to consider; firstly Denver, Colorado, is said by some to have been scheduled as the capitol of the western hemisphere of the New World Order. It may be no more than a coincidence but Colorado also happens to be the highest of all American states with an average elevation of 6,800 feet; exactly the sort of place to be if you expected widespread flooding: a high vantage point from which you could venture forth, as the flood waters receded, to lay claim to whatever remained. Likewise representatives of Britain’s Royal House of Windsor are also said to have bought extensive tracts of land in the state; which seems strange unless they happen to know something that we don’t. Finally Denver’s airport, completed in 1994, almost seems like a monument to the New World Order; apart from housing plaques and murals with distinctly sinister undertones it is also packed with Masonic symbolism.
So could it be that elements in the ruling elite are keenly aware of Hapgood’s theory and, being informed of its impending probability, have made their own contingency plans – while keeping everyone else in the dark?
And if that is indeed the case when is this expected to happen?
To answer that we need to go back to the past again, for the ancient Maya of South America gave special significance in their calendars to December 23rd 2012. Because it was on this date, their high priests said, that this fourth world would come to an end. Now this writer isn’t going to make any predictions but it is worth bearing Hapgood’s theory in mind; after all if it has indeed happened before, then it’s possible that it could happen again. And like they say, those who don’t learn from the lessons of the past are destined to repeat them. Or to paraphrase George Orwell, he who controls the present controls the past; which is probably why Hapgood’s theory has been accorded such scant regard by the establishment.
Finally, the Christian mystics were not amiss in predicting these events either. In fact they are prophesied in the Book of Revelation, although without knowing the mechanism and background behind them you might have missed passages that clearly describe them. So imagine that you are looking up at the night sky, as Hapgood’s theory becomes fact. What you see is not a still starry night, but a night sky full of movement; as the earths crust slides over its molten inner core, the stars themselves appear to move visibly across the sky, while near to the horizon they seem to almost literally fall from the heavens. Elsewhere, night appears unexpectedly and very quickly, like someone switching off a light or abruptly closing a curtain; almost as if the sky itself had suddenly been rolled up: because from the evidence available the previous polar shift occurred very quickly. Remember this as you read the following from St John’s Book of Revelation:
“When he opened the sixth seal, I looked, and there came a great earthquake; the sun became as black as sackcloth, the full moon became like blood, and the stars of the sky fell to the earth as the fig tree drops its winter fruit when shaken by a gale. The sky vanished like a scroll rolling itself up, and every mountain and island was removed from its place. Then the Kings of the earth and the magnates and the generals and the rich and the powerful, and everyone, slave and free, hid in the caves and among the rocks of the mountains…”
Revelation 6:12.
Nothing is written in stone. Although we can’t actually stop the shifting of the earth’s crust, we can modify its overall impact by how we conduct ourselves. We have another 10 years and from here on it’s all down to us: does it act as a wake up call for humanity, prompting us to correct our ways, to ask questions and live more consciously? Or do we continue as before: ultimately leaving only fables of a corrupt and decadent civilisation, founded on greed and falsehood that the Gods destroyed?
It’s your call…


Back to the Future!!! Part I  
See also ‘The Hammer and the Pendulum’
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?id=42
Back to the Future!!! Part 1May 21, 2007
It was nothing less than tumultuous and on a scale that almost defies comprehension. In relatively recent times probably only the eruption of Krakatoa affords us the opportunity to grasp the full impact of the events.
In 1883 the Indonesian volcano of Krakatoa erupted with such force that 36,000 were killed, while the explosion itself was heard 3,000 miles away. The eruption triggered tidal waves 100 feet high that swept across the Java Sea and caused flooding as far away as East Africa and the Western shores of America. Vast quantities of volcanic rock and dust were spewed into the atmosphere; so much so that average global temperatures dropped over the following few years as the suns rays were screened by a lingering curtain of volcanic dust particles.
Now imagine not one Krakatoa but many, and all at the same time.
Of course you may think that it can’t happen: but it already has. We know because spread across the planet there are graveyards that bear witness to just such a catastrophe. In the La Brea tar pits in modern Los Angeles, for example, the remains of a variety of animals was unearthed: including bison, horses, camels, sloth, mammoths and at least seven hundred sabre tooth tigers; all of them completely and suddenly engulfed in a cataclysmic volcanic eruption. Amongst their number researchers also found a disarticulated human skeleton, enveloped in bitumen and mixed with the bones of a now extinct species of vulture.
Elsewhere vast herds of animals were caught, not in volcanic eruptions, but by sudden and catastrophic climate change. The remains of sabre tooth cats, and herds of deer and horses lie solid beneath the frigid wastes of Alaska and Siberia. Many have been almost perfectly preserved, as if they were frozen in an instant. Indeed some mammoth carcasses have even been thawed out and fed to sled dogs.
But more than volcanic activity and climatic change has swept the planet: cataclysmic geophysical change has also left its mark, drowning whole stretches of terra firma or conversely raising mountains out of level plains. As witness the ruined Bolivian port city of Tiahuanaco. Located high in the Andes, at nearly 12,500 above sea level, it is testimony to the sheer power of the geophysical forces that have shaped the face of this planet.
That such cataclysms have been a periodic event in our planet’s past is beyond question. The relative calm of recent millennia tends to make us forget that 15,000 years ago the end of the ice age brought with it a string of mass extinctions as sabre tooth tigers, mammoths, mastodons and numerous other species were wiped out in a series of planetary upheavals. Along with various animal extinctions the evidence is also mounting that whole civilisations may have been destroyed too, and the mechanism behind all this was a simple one; one that would account for the sudden geophysical shifts, the abrupt climatic changes and the succession of volcanoes and earthquakes that shook the globe.
Quite simply the earth’s rotation, acting on its unsymmetrical polar ice caps, produces a centrifugal momentum that is gradually conveyed to the rest of the planet’s crust. With time and as the ice slowly accumulates the momentum steadily increases, ultimately causing the earths relatively thin crust to slide over of its molten inner core. At least that was the idea put forward by Professor Charles Hapgood nearly half a century ago when Albert Einstien, who called for its further investigation, enthusiastically endorsed it.
Despite Einstien’s enthusiasm the scientific and academic establishments have studiously ignored the theory, or so it would appear. Yet even supposedly simple, unscientific peoples have intuitively recognised its potential, as one ancient Native American prophecy puts it:
“There are two water serpents, one at each pole with a warrior sitting on his head and tail. These command nature to warn us by her activities that time is getting short and we must correct ourselves. If we refuse to heed these warnings the warriors will let go of the serpents, they will rise up and all will perish.”
Ancient Hopi prophesy.
According to Einstien, the momentum built up would eventually result in a dramatic shift of the Polar Regions toward the equator. And it doesn’t take a genius to realise that in the wake of such a shift would come flooding and inundation, as the icecaps melted and the sea levels rose. So even those areas unaffected by seismic activity and volcanoes would be inundated with tumultuous floods, which may also account for the ancient stories of a great flood, they may indeed be the half forgotten folk memories of just such an event.
However, even before then other cataclysms had virtually extinguished all life on earth. For example, fossil records indicate that nearly 250 million years ago the Earth was teeming with life, and then during a brief window of geologic time, virtually all of it was wiped out. Only recently palaeontologists came across evidence of this, noticing a distinct difference between fossil layers: at one level in the rock stratum there are indications of an ancient world swarming with life. In more recent layers, just above that point, all signs of life suddenly vanish. No class of life was apparently spared: trees, plants, lizards, proto-mammals, insects, fish, molluscs, and microbes – nearly all were wiped out. Roughly 9 in 10 marine species and 7 in 10 land species vanished. Life on our planet almost came to an end.
Then, 65 million years ago another great cataclysm swept the planet; taking with it the dinosaurs, the reptilian giants that once ruled the earth.
These latter two catastrophes, added to the cataclysms at the end of the last ice age, add up to three; which by strange coincidence recall the Native American Hopi traditions that there were three worlds before this one. The first, say the tribal traditions, was destroyed by an all-consuming fire that came ‘from the ground below and the sky above’. The second world ended when the planet toppled from its planetary axis and everything was covered with ice, and the third world ended in a universal flood. While the fate of this world, the fourth, now hangs in the balance. Likewise the ancient Mayan teachings spoke four worlds, or ages, that the gods had ordained for mankind.
So the Billion Dollar question is: could it happen again?
See part II for a possible answer
 
In ‘Eisenhower’s Death Camps’: A U.S. Prison Guard’s StoryMay 4, 2007
Martin Brech – 2002
In October, 1944, at age eighteen, I was drafted into the U.S. army. Largely because of the “Battle of the Bulge,” my training was cut short. My furlough was halved, and I was sent overseas immediately. Upon arrival in Le Havre, France, we were quickly loaded into box cars and shipped to the front. When we got there, I was suffering increasingly severe symptoms of mononucleosis, and was sent to a hospital in Belgium. Since mononucleosis was then known as the “kissing disease,” I mailed a letter of thanks to my girlfriend.
By the time I left the hospital, the outfit I had trained with in Spartanburg, South Carolina was deep inside Germany, so, despite my protests, I was placed in a “repo depot”(replacement depot). I lost interest in the units to which I was assigned and don’t recall all of them: non-combat units were ridiculed at that time. My separation qualification record states I was mostly with Company C, 14th Infantry Regiment, during my seventeen-month stay in Germany, but I remember being transferred to other outfits also.
In late March or early April, 1945, I was sent to guard a POW camp near Andernach along the Rhine. I had four years of high school German, so I was able to talk to the prisoners, although this was forbidden. Gradually, however, I was used as an interpreter and asked to ferret out members of the S.S. (I found none.)
In Andernach about 50,000 prisoners of all ages were held in an open field surrounded by barbed wire. The women were kept in a separate enclosure I did not see until later. The men I guarded had no shelter and no blankets; many had no coats. They slept in the mud, wet and cold, with inadequate slit trenches for excrement. It was a cold, wet spring and their misery from exposure alone was evident.
Even more shocking was to see the prisoners throwing grass and weeds into a tin can containing a thin soup. They told me they did this to help ease their hunger pains. Quickly, they grew emaciated. Dysentery raged, and soon they were sleeping in their own excrement, too weak and crowded to reach the slit trenches. Many were begging for food, sickening and dying before our eyes. We had ample food and supplies, but did nothing to help them, including no medical assistance.
Outraged, I protested to my officers and was met with hostility or bland indifference. When pressed, they explained they were under strict orders from “higher up.” No officer would dare do this to 50,000 men if he felt that it was “out of line,” leaving him open to charges. Realizing my protests were useless, I asked a friend working in the kitchen if he could slip me some extra food for the prisoners. He too said they were under strict orders to severely ration the prisoners’ food and that these orders came from “higher up.” But he said they had more food than they knew what to do with and would sneak me some.
When I threw this food over the barbed wire to the prisoners, I was caught and threatened with imprisonment. I repeated the “offense,” and one officer angrily threatened to shoot me. I assumed this was a bluff until I encountered a captain on a hill above the Rhine shooting down at a group of German civilian women with his .45 caliber pistol. When I asked, Why?,” he mumbled, “Target practice,” and fired until his pistol was empty. I saw the women running for cover, but, at that distance, couldn’t tell if any had been hit.
This is when I realized I was dealing with cold-blooded killers filled with moralistic hatred. They considered the Germans subhuman and worthy of extermination; another expression of the downward spiral of racism. Articles in the G.I. newspaper, Stars and Stripes, played up the German concentration camps, complete with photos of emaciated bodies; this amplified our self-righteous cruelty and made it easier to imitate behavior we were supposed to oppose. Also, I think, soldiers not exposed to combat were trying to prove how tough they were by taking it out on the prisoners and civilians.
These prisoners, I found out, were mostly farmers and workingmen, as simple and ignorant as many of our own troops. As time went on, more of them lapsed into a zombie-like state of listlessness, while others tried to escape in a demented or suicidal fashion, running through open fields in broad daylight towards the Rhine to quench their thirst. They were mowed down.Some prisoners were as eager for cigarettes as for food, saying they took the edge off their hunger. Accordingly, enterprising G.I. “Yankee traders” were acquiring hordes of watches and rings in exchange for handfuls of cigarettes or less. When I began throwing cartons of cigarettes to the prisoners to ruin this trade, I was threatened by rank-and-file G.I.s too.
The only bright spot in this gloomy picture came one night when.I was put on the “graveyard shift,” from two to four A.M. Actually, there was a graveyard on the uphill side of this enclosure, not many yards away. My superiors had forgotten to give me a flashlight and I hadn’t bothered to ask for one, disgusted as I was with the whole situation by that time. It was a fairly bright night and I soon became aware of a prisoner crawling under the wires towards the graveyard. We were supposed to shoot escapees on sight, so I started to get up from the ground to warn him to get back. Suddenly I noticed another prisoner crawling from the graveyard back to the enclosure. They were risking their lives to get to the graveyard for something; I had to investigate.
When I entered the gloom of this shrubby, tree-shaded cemetery, I felt completely vulnerable, but somehow curiosity kept me moving. Despite my caution, I tripped over the legs of someone in a prone position. Whipping my rifle around while stumbling and trying to regain composure of mind and body, I soon was relieved I hadn’t reflexively fired. The figure sat up. Gradually, I could see the beautiful but terror-stricken face of a woman with a picnic basket nearby. German civilians were not allowed to feed, nor even come near the prisoners, so I quickly assured her I approved of what she was doing, not to be afraid, and that I would leave the graveyard to get out of the way.
I did so immediately and sat down, leaning against a tree at the edge of the cemetery to be inconspicuous and not frighten the prisoners. I imagined then, and still do now, what it would be like to meet a beautiful woman with a picnic basket, under those conditions as a prisoner. I have never forgotten her face.
Eventually, more prisoners crawled back to the enclosure. I saw they were dragging food to their comrades and could only admire their courage and devotion.
On May 8, V.E. Day, I decided to celebrate with some prisoners I was guarding who were baking bread the other prisoners occasionally received. This group had all the bread they could eat, and shared the jovial mood generated by the end of the war. We all thought we were going home soon, a pathetic hope on their part. We were in what was to become the French zone, where I soon would witness the brutality of the French soldiers when we transferred our prisoners to them for their slave labor camps.
On this day, however, we were happy.
As a gesture of friendliness, I emptied my rifle and stood it in the corner, even allowing them to play with it at their request! This thoroughly “broke the ice,” and soon we were singing songs we taught each other or I had learned in high school German (“Du, du liegst mir im Herzen”). Out of gratitude, they baked me a special small loaf of sweet bread, the only possible present they had left to offer. I stuffed it in my “Eisenhower jacket” and snuck it back to my barracks, eating it when I had privacy. I have never tasted more delicious bread, nor felt a deeper sense of communion while eating it. I believe a cosmic sense of Christ (the Oneness of all Being) revealed its normally hidden presence to me on that occasion, influencing my later decision to major in philosophy and religion.
Shortly afterwards, some of our weak and sickly prisoners were marched off by French soldiers to their camp. We were riding on a truck behind this column. Temporarily, it slowed down and dropped back, perhaps because the driver was as shocked as I was. Whenever a German prisoner staggered or dropped back, he was hit on the head with a club until he died. The bodies were rolled to the side of the road to be picked up by another truck. For many, this quick death might have been preferable to slow starvation in our “killing fields.”
When I finally saw the German women in a separate enclosure, I asked why we were holding them prisoner. I was told they were “camp followers,” selected as breeding stock for the S.S. to create a super-race. I spoke to some and must say I never met a more spirited or attractive group of women. I certainly didn’t think they deserved imprisonment.
I was used increasingly as an interpreter, and was able to prevent some particularly unfortunate arrests. One rather amusing incident involved an old farmer who was being dragged away by several M.P’s. I was told he had a “fancy Nazi medal,” which they showed me. Fortunately, I had a chart identifying such medals. He’d been awarded it for having five children! Perhaps his wife was somewhat relieved to get him “off her back,” but I didn’t think one of our death camps was a fair punishment for his contribution to Germany. The M.P.s agreed and released him to continue his “dirty work.”
Famine began to spread among the German civilians also. It was a common sight to see German women up to their elbows in our garbage cans looking for something edible — that is, if they weren’t chased away.
When I interviewed mayors of small towns and villages, I was told their supply of food had been taken away by “displaced persons” (foreigners who had worked in Germany), who packed the food on trucks and drove away. When I reported this, the response was a shrug. I never saw any Red Cross at the camp or helping civilians, although their coffee and doughnut stands were available everywhere else for us. In the meantime, the Germans had to rely on the sharing of hidden stores until the next harvest.
Hunger made German women more “available,” but despite this, rape was prevalent and often accompanied by additional violence. In particular I remember an eighteen-year old woman who had the side of her faced smashed with a rifle butt and was then raped by two G.I.s. Even the French complained that the rapes, looting and drunken destructiveness on the part of our troops was excessive. In Le Havre, we’d been given booklets warning us that the German soldiers had maintained a high standard of behavior with French civilians who were peaceful, and that we should do the same. In this we failed miserably.
“So what?” some would say. “The enemy’s atrocities were worse than ours.” It is true that I experienced only the end of the war, when we were already the victors. The German opportunity for atrocities had faded; ours was at hand. But two wrongs don’t make a right. Rather than copying our enemy’s crimes, we should aim once and for all to break the cycle of hatred and vengeance that has plagued and distorted human history. This is why I am speaking out now, forty-five years after the crime. We can never prevent individual war crimes, but we can, if enough of us speak out, influence government policy. We can reject government propaganda that depicts our enemies as subhuman and encourages the kind of outrages I witnessed. We can protest the bombing of civilian targets, which still goes on today. And we can refuse ever to condone our government’s murder of unarmed and defeated prisoners of war.
I realize it is difficult for the average citizen to admit witnessing a crime of this magnitude, especially if implicated himself. Even G.I’s sympathetic to the victims were afraid to complain and get into trouble, they told me. And the danger has not ceased. Since I spoke out a few weeks ago, I have received threatening calls and had my mailbox smashed. But its been worth it. Writing about these atrocities has been a catharsis of feeling suppressed too long, a liberation, and perhaps will remind other witnesses that “the truth will make us free, have no fear.” We may even learn a supreme lesson from all this: only love can conquer all.
Source: Reprinted from The Journal of Historical Review, vol. 10, no. 2, pp. 161-166.
 
Also see:
Eisenhower’s Holocaust: His Slaughter of 1.7 Million Germans

 
Allied War Crimes 1941-1950
The Essene Gospel of Peace IApril 26, 2007
Translated by Purcell Weaver and Edmond Szekely the following is considered by some to be a true account of Christ’s original teaching. Based on texts from the Vatican library and the Royal Library of the Hapsburg’s and dated to the first century AD, it contains many references to fasting, vegetarianism and angels; all of which were altered or entirely removed from Christian teaching after the first Council of Nicaea in 325 AD. Convened by the Emperor Constantine the Council effectively hammered out what was to become the Holy Roman Law scriptures. In the process a lot of Christianity’s original spiritual essence was edited or removed entirely to serve the more earthly agendas of the emergent Holy Roman Empire. We leave you to decide whether the following is in fact the authentic word of Christ…
And then many sick and maimed came to Jesus, asking him. “if you know all things, tell us, why do we suffer with these grievous plagues? Why are we not whole like other men? Master, heal us, that we too may be made strong, and need abide no longer in our misery. We know that you have it in your power to heal all manner of disease. Free us from Satan and from all his great afflictions. Master, have compassion on us.”
And Jesus answered- “Happy are you that you hunger for the truth, for I will satisfy you with the bread of wisdom. Happy are you, that you knock, for I will open to you the door of life. Happy are you, that you would cast off the power of Satan, for I will lead you into the kingdom of our Mother’s angels, where the power of Satan cannot enter.”
And they asked him in amazement: “Who is our Mother and which her angels? And where is her kingdom?”
“Your Mother is in you, and you in her. She bore you she gives you life. it was she who gave to you your body, and to her shall you one day give it back again. Happy are you when you come to know her and her kingdom; if you receive your Mother’s angels and if you do her laws. I tell you truly, he who does these things shall never see disease. For the power of our Mother is above all. And it destroys Satan and his kingdom, and has rule over all your bodies and all living things.
“The blood which runs in us is born of the blood of our Earthly Mother. Her blood falls from the clouds; leaps from the womb of the earth; babbles in the brooks of the mountains; flows wide in the rivers of the plains; sleeps in the lakes; rages mightily in tempestuous seas.
“The air which we breathe is born of the breath of our Earthly Mother. Her breath is azure in the heights of the heavens; soughs in the tops of the mountains; whispers the leaves of the forest; billows over the cornfields; slumbers in the deep valleys, burns hot in the desert.
“The hardness of our bones is born of the bones of our Earthly Mother, of the rocks and of the stones. They stand naked to the heavens on the tops of mountains; are as giants that lie sleeping on the sides of the mountains, as idols set in the desert, and are hidden in the deepness of the earth.
“The tenderness of our flesh is born of the flesh of our Earthly Mother; whose flesh waxes yellow and red in the fruits of the trees, and nurtures us in the furrows of the fields.
“Our bowels are born of the bowels of our Earthly Mother, and are hid from our eyes, like the invisible depths of the earth.
“The light of our eyes, the hearing of our ears, both are born of the colors and the sounds of our Earthly Mother; which enclose us about, as the waves of the sea a fish, as the eddying air a bird.
“I tell you in very truth, Man is the Son of the Earthly Mother, and from her did the Son of Man receive his whole body, even as the body of the newborn babe is born of the womb of his mother. I tell you truly, you are one with the Earthly Mother; she is in you, and you in her. Of her were you born, in her do you live, and to her shall you return again. Keep, therefore, her laws, for none can live long, neither be happy, but he who honors his Earthly Mother and does her laws. For your breath is her breath; your blood her blood; your bone her bone; your flesh her flesh; your bowels her bowels; your eyes and your ears are her eyes and her ears.
“I tell you truly, should you fail to keep but one only of all these laws, should you harm but one only of all your body’s members, you shall be utterly lost in your grievous sickness, and there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth. I tell you, unless you follow the laws of your Mother, you can in no wise escape death. And he who clings to the laws of his Mother, to him shall his Mother cling also. She shall heal all his plagues, and he shall never become sick She gives him long life, and protects him from all afflictions; from fire, from water, from the bite of venomous serpents. For your Mother bore you, keeps life within you. She has given you her body, and none but she heals you. Happy is he who loves his Mother and lies quietly in her bosom. For your Mother loves you, even when you turn away from her. And how much more shall she love you, if you turn to her again? I tell you truly, very great is her love, greater than the greatest of mountains, deeper than the deepest seas. And those who love their Mother, she never deserts them. As the hen protects her chickens, as the lioness her cubs, as the mother her newborn babe, so does the Earthly Mother protect the Son of Man from all danger and from all evils.
“For I tell you truly, evils and dangers innumerable lie in wait for the Sons of Men. Beelzebub, the prince of all devils, the source of every evil, lies in wait in the body of all the Sons of Men. He is death, the lord of every plague, and taking upon him a pleasing raiment, he tempts and entices the Sons of Men. Riches does he promise, and power, and splendid palaces, and garments of gold and silver, and a multitude of servants, all these; he promises renown and glory, fornication and lustfulness, gluttony and wine-bibbing, riotous living, and slothfulness and idle days. And he entices every one by that to which their heart is most inclined. And in the day that the Sons of Men have already become the slaves of all these vanities and abominations, then in payment thereof he snatches from the Sons of Men all those things which the Earthly Mother gave them so abundantly. He takes from them their breath, their blood, their bone, their flesh, their bowels, their eyes and their ears. And the breath of the Son of Man becomes short and stifled, full of pain and evil-smelling, like the breath of unclean beasts. And his blood becomes thick and evil-smelling, like the water of the swamps; it clots and blackens, like the night of death. And his bone becomes hard and knotted; it melts away within and breaks asunder, as a stone falling down upon a rock. And his flesh waxes fat and watery; it rots and putrefies, with scabs and boils that are an abomination. And his bowels become full with abominable filthiness, with oozing streams of decay; and multitudes of abominable worms have their habitation there. And his eyes grow dim, till dark night enshrouds them, and his ears become stopped, like the silence of the grave. And last of all shall the erring Son of Man lose life. For he kept not the laws of his Mother, and added sin to sin. Therefore, are taken from him all the gifts of the Earthly Mother: breath, blood, bone, flesh, bowels, eyes and ears, and after all else, life, with which the Earthly Mother crowned his body.
“But if the erring Son of Man be sorry for his sins and undo them, and return again to his Earthly Mother; and if he do his Earthly Mother’s laws and free himself from Satan’s clutches, resisting his temptations, then does the Earthly Mother receive again her erring Son with love and sends him her angels that they may serve him. I tell you truly, when the Son of Man resists the Satan that dwells in him and does not his will, in the same hour are found the Mother’s angels there, that they may serve him with all their power and free utterly the Son of Man from the power of Satan.
“For no man can serve two masters. For either he serves Beelzebub and his devils or else he serves our Earthly Mother and her angels. Either he serves death or he serves life. I ten you truly, happy are those that do the laws of life and wander not upon the paths of death. For in them the forces of life wax strong and they escape the plagues of death.”
And all those round about him listened to his words with amazement, for his word was with power, and he taught quite otherwise than the priests and scribes. And though the sun was now set, they departed not to their homes. They sat round about Jesus and asked him: “Master, which are these laws of life? Rest with us awhile longer and teach us. We would listen to your teaching that we may be healed and become righteous.”
And Jesus himself sat down in their midst and said: “I tell you truly, none can be happy, except he do the Law.”
And the others answered: “We all do the laws of Moses, our lawgiver, even as they are written in the holy scriptures.”
And Jesus answered: “Seek not the law in your scriptures, for the law is life, whereas the scripture is dead. I tell you truly, Moses received not his laws from God in writing, but through the living word. The law is living word of living God to living prophets for living men. In everything that is life is the law written. You find it in the grass, in the tree, in the river, in the mountain, in the birds of heaven, in the fishes of the sea; but seek it chiefly in yourselves. For I tell you truly, all living things are nearer to God than the scripture which is without life. God so made life and all living things that they might by the everlasting word teach the laws of the true God to man. God wrote not the laws in the pages of books, but in your heart and in your spirit. They are in your breath, your blood, your bone; in your flesh, your bowels, your eyes, your cars, and in every little part of your body. They are present in the air, in the water, in the earth, in the plants, in the sunbeams, in the depths and in the heights. They all speak to you that you may understand the tongue and the will of the living God. But you shut your eyes that you may not see, and you shut your ears that you may not hear. I tell you truly, that the scripture is the work of man, but life and all its hosts are the work of our God. Wherefore do you not listen to the words of God which are written in His works? And wherefore do you study the dead scriptures which are the work of
the hands of men?”
“How may we read the laws of God elsewhere than in the scriptures? Where are they written? Read them to us from there where you see them, for we know nothing else but the scriptures which we have inherited from our forefathers. Tell us the laws of which you speak, that hearing them we may be healed and justified.”
Jesus said: “You do not understand the words of life, because you are in death. Darkness darkens your eyes and your ears are stopped with deafness. For I tell you, it profits you not at all that you pore over dead scriptures if by your deeds you deny him who has given you the scriptures. I tell you truly, God and his laws are not in that which you do. They are not in gluttony and in wine-bibbing, neither in riotous living, nor in lustfulness, nor in seeking after riches, nor yet in hatred of your enemies. For all these things are far from the true God and from his angels. But all these things come from the kingdom of darkness and the lord of all evils. And all these things do you carry in yourselves; and so the word and the power of God enter not into you, because all manner of evil and all manner of abominations have their dwelling in your body and your spirit. If you will that the living God’s word and his power may enter you, defile not your body and your spirit; for the body is the temple of the spirit, and the spirit is the temple of God. Purify, therefore, the temple, that the Lord of the temple may dwell therein and occupy a place that is worthy of him.
Also see:  The Essene Gospel of Peace Part II
The Essene Gospel of Peace IIApril 26, 2007
Translated by Purcell Weaver and Edmond Szekely the following is considered by some to be a true account of Christ’s original teaching. Based on texts from the Vatican library and the Royal Library of the Hapsburg’s and dated to the first century AD, it contains many references to fasting, vegetarianism and angels; all of which were altered or entirely removed from Christian teaching after the first Council of Nicaea in 325 AD. Convened by the Emperor Constantine the Council effectively hammered out what was to become the Holy Roman Law scriptures. In the process a lot of Christianity’s original spiritual essence was edited or removed entirely to serve the more earthly agendas of the emergent Holy Roman Empire. We leave you to decide whether the following is in fact the authentic word of Christ…
“And from all temptations of your body and your spirit, coming from Satan, withdraw beneath the shadow of God’s heaven.
“Renew yourselves and fast. For I tell you truly, that Satan and his plagues may only be cast out by –fasting and by prayer. Go by yourself and fast alone, and show your fasting to no man. The living God shall see it and great shall be your reward. And fast till Beelzebub and all his evils depart from you, and all the angels of our Earthly Mother come and serve you. For I tell you truly, except you fast, you shall never be freed from the power of Satan and from all diseases that come from Satan. Fast and pray fervently, seeking the power of the living God for your healing. While you fast, eschew the Sons of Men and seek our Earthly Mother’s angels, for he that seeks shall find.
“Seek the fresh air of the forest and of the fields, and there in the midst of them shall you find the angel of air. Put off your shoes and your clothing and suffer the angel of air to embrace all your body. Then breathe long and deeply, that the angel of air may be brought within you. I tell you truly, the angel of air shall cast out of your body all uncleannesses which defiled it without and within. And thus shall all evil-smelling and unclean things rise out of you, as the smoke of fire curls upwards and is lost in the sea of the air. For I tell you truly, holy is the angel of air, who cleanses all that is unclean and makes all evil-smelling things of a sweet odour. No man may come before the face of God, whom the angel of air lets not pass. Truly, all must be born again by air and by truth, for your body breathes the air of the Earthly Mother, and your spirit breathes the truth of the Heavenly Father.
“After the angel of air, seek the angel of water. Put off your shoes and your clothing and suffer the angel of water to embrace all your body. Cast yourselves wholly into his enfolding arms, and as often as you move the air with your breath, move with your body the water also. I tell you truly, the angel of water shall cast out of your body all uncleannesses which defiled it without and within. And all unclean and evil-smelling things shall flow out of you, even as the uncleannesses of garments washed in water flow away and are lost in the stream of the river. I tell you truly, holy is the angel of water who cleanses all that is unclean and makes all evil-smelling things of a sweet odour. No man may come before the face of God whom the angel of water lets not pass. in very truth, all must be born again of water and of truth, for your body bathes in the river of earthly life, and your spirit bathes in the river of life everlasting. For you receive your blood from our Earthly Mother and the truth from our Heavenly Father.
“Think not that it is sufficient that the angel of water embrace you outwards only. I tell you truly, the uncleanness within is greater by much than the uncleanness without. And he who cleanses himself without, but within remains unclean, is like to tombs that outwards are painted fair, but are within full of all manner of horrible uncleannesses and abominations. So I tell you truly, suffer the angel of water to baptize you also within, that you may become free from all your past sins, and that within likewise you may become as pure as the river’s foam sporting in the sunlight.
“Seek, therefore, a large trailing gourd, having a stalk the length of a man; take out its inwards and fill it with water from the river which the sun has warmed. Hang it upon the branch of a tree, and kneel upon the ground before the angel of water, and suffer the end of the stalk of the trailing gourd to enter your hinder parts, that the water may flow through all your bowels. Afterwards rest kneeling on the ground before the angel of water and pray to the living God that he will forgive you all your past sins, and pray the angel of water that he will free your body from every uncleanness and disease. Then let the water run out from your body, that it may carry away from within it all the unclean and evil-smelling things of Satan. And you shall see with your eyes and smell with your nose all the abominations, and uncleannesses which defiled the temple of your body; even all the sins which abode in your body, tormenting you with all manner of pains. I tell you truly, baptism with water frees you from all of these. Renew your baptizing with water on every day of your fast, till the day when you see that the water which flows out of you is as pure as the river’s foam. Then betake your body to the coursing river, and there in the arms of the angel of water render thanks to the living God that he has freed you from your sins. And this holy baptizing by the angel of water is: Rebirth unto the new life. For your eyes shall henceforth see, and your ears shall hear. Sin no more, therefore, after your baptism, that the angels of air and of water may eternally abide in you and serve you evermore.
“And if afterward there remain within you aught of your past sins and uncleannesses, seek the angel of sunlight. Put off your shoes and your clothing and suffer the angel of sunlight to embrace all your body. Then breathe long and deeply, that the angel of sunlight may be brought within you. And the angel of sunlight shall cast out of your body all evil-smelling and unclean things which defiled it without and within. And all unclean and evil-smelling things shall rise from you, even as the darkness of night fades before the brightness of the rising sun. For I tell you truly, holy is the angel of sunlight who cleans out all uncleannesses and makes all evil-smelling things of a sweet odor. None may come before the face of God, whom the angel of sunlight lets not pass. Truly, all must be born again of sun and of truth, for your body basks in the sunlight of the Earthly Mother, and your spirit basks in the sunlight of the truth of the Heavenly Father.
“The angels of air and of water and of sunlight are brethren. They were given to the Son of Man that they might serve him, and that he might go always from one to the other.
“Holy, likewise, is their embrace. They are indivisible children of the Earthly Mother, so do not you put asunder those whom earth and heaven have made one. Let these three brother angels enfold you every day and let them abide with you through all your fasting.
“For I tell you truly, the power of devils, all sins and uncleannesses shall depart in haste from that body which is embraced by these three angels. As thieves flee from a deserted house at the coming of the lord of the house, one by the door, one by the window, and the third by the roof, each where he is found, and whither he is able, even so shall flee from your bodies all devils of evil, all past sins, and all uncleannesses and diseases which defiled the temple of your bodies. When the Earthly Mother’s angels enter into your bodies, in such wise that the lords of the temple repossess it again, then shall all evil smells depart in haste by your breath and by your skin, corrupt waters by your mouth and by your skin, by your hinder and your privy parts. And all these things you shall see with your eyes and smell with your nose and touch with your hands. And when all sins and uncleannesses are gone from your body, your blood shall become as pure as our Earthly Mother’s blood and as the river’s foam sporting in the sunlight. And your breath shall become as pure as the breath of odorous flowers; your flesh as pure as the flesh of fruits reddening upon the leaves of trees; the light of your eye as clear and bright as the brightness of the sun shining upon the blue sky. And now shall all the angels of the Earthly Mother serve you. And your breath, your blood, your flesh shall be one with the breath, the blood and the flesh of the Earthly Mother, that your spirit also may become one with the spirit of your Heavenly Father. For truly, no one can reach the Heavenly Father unless through the Earthly Mother. Even as no newborn babe can understand the teaching of his father till his mother has suckled him, bathed him, nursed him, put him to sleep and nurtured him. While the child is yet small, his place is with his mother and he must obey his mother. When the child is grown up, his father takes him to work at his side in the field, and the child comes back to his mother only when the hour of dinner and supper is come. And now his father teaches him, that he may become skilled in the works of his father. And when the father sees that his son understands his teaching and does his work well, he gives him all his possessions, that they may belong to his beloved son, and that his son may continue his father’s work. I tell you truly, happy is that son who accepts the counsel of his mother and walks therein. And a hundred times more happy is that son who accepts and walks also in the counsel of his father, for it was said to you: ‘Honour thy father and thy mother that thy days may be long upon this earth.’ But I say to you, Sons of Man: Honour your Earthly Mother and keep all her laws, that your days may be long on this earth, and honour your Heavenly Father that Eternal Life may be yours in the heavens. For the Heavenly Father is a hundred times greater than all fathers by seed and by blood, and greater is the Earthly Mother than all mothers by the body. And dearer is the Son of Man in the eyes of his Heavenly Father and of his Earthly Mother than are children in the eyes of their fathers by seed and by blood and of their mothers by the body. And more wise are the words and laws of your Heavenly Father and of your Earthly Mother than the words and the will of all fathers by seed and by blood, and of all mothers by the body. And of more worth also is the inheritance of your Heavenly Father and of your Earthly Mother, the everlasting kingdom of earthly and heavenly life, than all the inheritances of your fathers by seed and by blood, and of your mothers by the body.
“And your true brothers are all those who do the will of your Heavenly Father and of your Earthly Mother, and not your brothers by blood. I tell you truly, that your true brothers in the will of the Heavenly Father and of the Earthly Mother will love you a thousand times more than your brothers by blood. For since the days of Cain and Abel, when brothers by blood transgressed the will of God, there is no true brotherhood by blood. And brothers do unto brothers as do strangers. Therefore, I say to you, love your true brothers in the will of God a thousand times more than your brothers by blood.
FOR YOUR HEAVENLY FATHER IS LOVE.
FOR YOUR EARTHLY MOTHER IS LOVE.
FOR THE SON OF MAN IS LOVE.
“It is by love, that the Heavenly Father and the Earthly Mother and the Son of Man become one. For the spirit of the Son of Man was created from the spirit of the Heaven Father, and his body from the body of the Earthly Mother. Become, therefore, perfect as the spirit of your Heavenly Father and the body of your Earthly Mother are perfect. And so love your Heavenly Father, as he loves your spirit. And so love your Earthly Mother, as she loves your body. And so love your true brothers, as your Heavenly Father and your Earthly Mother love them. And then your Heavenly Father shall give you his holy spirit, and your Earthly Mother shall give you her holy body. And then shall the Sons of Men like true brothers give love one to another, the love which they received from their Heavenly Father and from their Earthly Mother; and they shall all become comforters one of another. And then shall disappear from the earth all evil and all sorrow, and there shall be love and joy upon earth. And then shall the earth be like the heavens, and the kingdom of God shall come. And then shall come the Son of Man in all his glory, to inherit the kingdom of God. And then shall the Sons of Men divide their divine inheritance, the kingdom of God. For the Sons of Men live in the Heavenly Father and in the Earthly Mother, and the Heavenly Father and the Earthly Mother live in them. And then with the kingdom of God shall come the end of the times. For the Heavenly Father’s love gives to all life everlasting in the kingdom of God. For love is eternal. Love is stronger than death.
“Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, but have not love, I am become as sounding brass or a tinkling cymbal. Though I tell what is to come, and know all secrets, and all wisdom; and though I have faith strong as the storm which lifts mountains from their seat, but have not love, I am nothing. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and give all my fire that I have received from my Father, but have not love, I am in no wise profited. Love is patient, love is kind. Love is not envious, works not evil, knows not pride; is not rude, neither selfish; is slow to anger, imagines no mischief; rejoices not in injustice, but delights in justice. Love defends all, love believes all, love hopes all, love bears all; never exhausts itself; but as for tongues they shall cease, and, as for knowledge, it shall vanish away. For we have truth in part, and error in part, but when the fullness of perfection is come, that which is in part shall be blotted out. When a man was a child he spoke as a child, understood as a child, thought as a child; but when he became a man he put away childish things. For now we see through a glass and through dark sayings. Now we know in part, but when we are come before the face of God, we shall not know in part, but even as we are taught by him. And now remain these three: faith and hope and love; but the greatest of these is love.
“And now I speak to you in the living tongue of the living God, through the holy spirit of our Heavenly Father. There is none yet among you that can understand all this of which I speak. He who expounds to you the scriptures speaks to you in a dead tongue of dead men, through his diseased and mortal body. Him, therefore, can all men understand, for all men are diseased and all are in death. No one sees the light of life. Blind man leads blind on the dark paths of sins, diseases and sufferings; and at the last all fall into the pit of death.
“I am sent to you by the Father, that I may make the light of life to shine before you. The light lightens itself and the darkness, but the darkness knows only itself, and knows not the light. I have still many things to say to you, but you cannot bear them yet. For your eyes are used to the darkness, and the full light of the Heavenly Father would make you blind. Therefore, you cannot yet understand that which I speak to you concerning the Heavenly Father who sent me to you. Follow, therefore, first, only the laws of your Earthly Mother, of which I have told you. And when her angels shall have cleansed and renewed your bodies and strengthened your eyes, you will be able to bear the light of our Heavenly Father. When you can gaze on the brightness of the noonday sun with unflinching eyes, you can then look upon the blinding light of your Heavenly Father, which is a thousand times brighter than the brightness of a thousand suns. But how should you look upon the blinding light of your Heavenly Father, when you cannot even bear the shining of the blazing sun? Believe me, the sun is as the flame of a candle beside the sun of truth of the Heavenly Father. Have but faith, therefore, and hope, and love. I tell you truly, you shall not want your reward. If you believe in my words, you believe in him who sent me, who is the lord of all, and with whom all things are possible. For what is impossible with men, all these things are possible with God. If you believe in the angels of the Earthly Mother and do her laws, your faith shall sustain you and you shall never see disease. Have hope also in the love of your Heavenly Father, for he who trusts in him shall never be deceived, nor shall he ever see death.
“Love one another, for God is love, and so shall his angels know that you walk in his paths. And then shall all the angels come before your face and serve you. And Satan with all sins, diseases and uncleannesses shall depart from your body. Go, eschew your sins; repent yourselves; baptize yourselves; that you may be born again and sin no more.”
Then Jesus rose. But all else remained sitting, for every man felt the power of his words. And then the full moon appeared between the breaking clouds and folded Jesus in its brightness. And sparks flew upward from his hair, and he stood among them in the moonlight, as though he hovered in the air. And no man moved, neither was the voice of any heard. And no one knew how long a time had passed, for time stood still.
Then Jesus stretched out his hands to them and said: “Peace be with you.” And so he departed, as a breath of wind sways the green of trees.
And for a long while yet the company sat still and then they woke in the silence, one man after another, like as from a long dream. But none would go, as if the words of him who had left them ever sounded in their ears. And they sat as though they listened to some wondrous music.
But at last one, as it were a little fearfully, said: “How good it is to be here.” Another: “Would that this night were everlasting.” And others: “Would that he might be with us always.” “Of a truth he is God’s messenger, for he planted hope within our hearts.” And no man wished to go home, saying: “I go not home where all is dark and joyless. Why should we go home where no one loves us?”
And they spoke on this wise, for they were almost all poor, lame, blind, maimed, beggars, homeless, despised in their wretchedness, who were only borne for pity’s sake in the houses where they found a few day’s refuge. Even certain, who had both home and family, said: “We also will stay with you.” For every man felt that the words of him who was gone bound the little company with threads invisible. And all felt that they were born again. They saw before them a shining world, even when the moon was hidden in the clouds. And in the hearts of all blossomed wondrous flowers of wondrous beauty, the flowers of joy.
And when the bright sunbeams appeared over the earth’s rim, they all felt that it was the sun of the coming kingdom of God. And with joyful countenances they went forth to meet God’s angels.
Extracted from The Gospel of Peace of Jesus Christ, C.W. Daniel Company Ltd. ISBN 0-85207-103-5
See The Essene Gospel of Peace III
The Essene Gospel of Peace IIIApril 26, 2007
Translated by Purcell Weaver and Edmond Szekely the following is considered by some to be a true account of Christ’s original teaching. Based on texts from the Vatican library and the Royal Library of the Hapsburg’s and dated to the first century AD, it contains many references to fasting, vegetarianism and angels; all of which were altered or entirely removed from Christian teaching after the first Council of Nicaea in 325 AD. Convened by the Emperor Constantine the Council effectively hammered out what was to become the Holy Roman Law scriptures. In the process a lot of Christianity’s original spiritual essence was edited or removed entirely to serve the more earthly agendas of the emergent Holy Roman Empire. We leave you to decide whether the following is in fact the authentic word of Christ…
And it was by the bed of a stream; many sick fasted and prayed with God’s angels for seven days and seven nights. And great was their reward, because they followed Jesus words. And with the passing of the seventh day, all their pains left them. And when the sun rose over the earth’s rim they saw Jesus coming towards them from the mountain, with the brightness of the rising sun about his head.
“Peace be with you.”
And they said no word at all, but only cast themselves down before him, and touched the hem of his garment in token of their healing.
“Give thanks not to me, but to your Earthly Mother, who sent you her healing angels. Go, and sin no more, that you may never again see disease. And let the healing angels become your guardians.”
But they answered him: “Whither should we go, Master, for with you are the words of eternal life? Tell us, what are the sins which we must shun, that we may nevermore see disease?”
Jesus answered: “Be it so according to your faith,” and he sat down among them, saying:
“It was said to them of old time, ‘Honour thy Heavenly Father and thy Earthly Mother, and do their commandments, that thy days may be long upon the earth.’ And next afterward was given this commandment, ‘Thou shalt not kill,’ for life is given to all by God, and that which God has given, let not man take away. For I tell you truly, from one Mother proceeds all that lives upon the earth. Therefore, he who kills, kills his brother. And from him will the Earthly Mother turn away, and will pluck from him her quickening breasts. And he will be shunned by her angels, and Satan will have his dwelling in his body. And the flesh of slain beasts in his body will become his own tomb. For I tell you truly, he who kills, kills himself, and whoso eats the flesh of slain beasts, eats of the body of death. For in his blood every drop of their blood turns to poison; in his breath their breath to stink; in his flesh their flesh to boils; in his bones their bones to chalk; in his bowels their bowels to decay; in his eyes their eyes to scales; in his ears their ears to waxy issue. And their death will become his death. For only in the service of your Heavenly Father are your debts of seven years forgiven in seven clays. But Satan forgives you nothing and you must pay him for all. ‘Eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot; burning for burning, wound for wound; life for life, death for death.’ For the wages of sin is death. Kill not; neither eat the flesh of your innocent prey, lest you become the slaves of Satan. For that is the path of sufferings, and it leads unto death. But do the will of God, that his angels may serve you on the way of life. Obey, therefore, the words of God: ‘Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat. And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to everything that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is breath of life, I give every green herb for meat. Also the milk of every thing that moveth and liveth upon earth shall be meat for you; even as the green herb have I given unto them, so I give their milk unto you. But flesh, and the blood which quickens it, shall ye not eat. And, surely, your spurting blood will I require, your blood wherein is your soul; I will require all slain beasts, and the souls of all slain men. For I the Lord thy God am a God strong and jealous, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me; and showing mercy unto thousands of them that love me, and keep my commandments. Love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength: this is the first and greatest commandment.’ And the second is like unto it: ‘Love thy neighbour as thyself’ There is none other commandment greater than these.”
And after these words they all remained silent, save one, who called out: “What am I to do, Master, if I see a wild beast rend my brother in the forest? Shall I let my brother perish, or kill the wild beast? Shall not I thus transgress the law?”
And Jesus answered: “It was said to them of old time: ‘All beasts that move upon the earth, all the fish of the sea, and all the fowl of the air are given into thy power.’ I tell you truly, of all creatures living upon the earth, God created only man after his image. Wherefore beasts are for man, and not man for beasts. You do not, therefore, transgress the law if you kill the wild beast to save your brother’s life. For I tell you truly, man is more than the beast. But he who kills the beast without a cause, though the beast attack him not, through lust for slaughter, or for its flesh, or for its hide, or yet for its tusks, evil is the deed which he does, for he is turned into a wild beast himself. Wherefore is his end also as the end of the wild beasts.”
Then another said: “Moses, the greatest in Israel, suffered our forefathers to eat the flesh of clean beasts, and forbade only the flesh of unclean beasts. Why, therefore, do you forbid us the flesh of all beasts? Which law comes from God? That of Moses, or your law?”
And Jesus answered: “God gave, by Moses, ten commandments to your forefathers. ‘These commandments are hard,’ said your forefathers, and they could not keep them. When Moses saw this, he had compassion on his people, and would not that they perish. And then he gave them ten times ten commandments. For he whose feet are strong as the mountain of Zion, needs no crutches; but he whose limbs do shake, gets further having crutches, than without them. And Moses said to the Lord: ‘My heart is filled with sorrow, for my people will be lost. For they are without knowledge, and are not able to understand thy commandments. They are as little children who cannot yet understand their father’s words. Suffer, Lord, that I give them other laws, that they may not perish. if they may not be with thee, Lord, let them not be against thee; that they may sustain themselves, and when the time has come, and they are ripe for thy words, reveal to hem thy laws.’ For that did Moses break the two tablets of stone whereon were written the ten commandments, and he gave them ten times ten in their stead. And of these ten times ten the Scribes and Pharisees have made a hundred times ten commandments. And they have laid unbearable burdens on your shoulders, that they themselves do not carry. For the more nigh are the commandments to God, the less do we need; and the farther they are from God, then the more do we need. Wherefore are the laws of the Pharisees and Scribes innumerable; the laws of the Son of Man seven; of the angels three; and of God one.
“Therefore, I teach you only those laws which you can understand, that you may become men, and follow the seven laws of the Son of Man. Then will the unknown angels of the Heavenly Father also reveal their laws to you, that God’s holy spirit may descend upon you, and lead you to his law.”
And all were astonished at his wisdom, and asked him: “Continue, Master, and teach us all the laws which we can receive.”
And Jesus continued: “God commanded your forefathers: ‘Thou shalt not kill.’ But their heart was hardened and they killed. Then Moses desired that at least they should not kill men, and he suffered them to kill beasts. And then the heart of your forefathers was hardened yet more, and they killed men and beasts likewise. But I do say to you: Kill neither men, nor beasts, nor yet the food which goes into your mouth. For if you eat living food, the same will quicken you, but if you kill your food, the dead food will kill you also. For life comes only from life, and from death comes always death. For everything which kills your foods, kills your bodies also. And everything which kills your bodies kills your souls also. And your bodies become what your foods are, even as your spirits, likewise, become what your thoughts are. Therefore, eat not anything which fire, or frost, or water has destroyed. For burned, frozen and rotted foods will burn, freeze and rot your body also (1). Be not like the foolish husbandman who sowed in his ground cooked, and frozen, and rotten seeds. And the autumn came, and his fields bore nothing. And great was his distress. But be like that husbandman who sowed in his field living seed, and whose field bore living ears of wheat, paying a hundredfold for the seeds which he planted. For I tell you truly, live only by the fire of life, and prepare not your foods with the fire of death, which kills your foods, your bodies and your souls also.”
“Master, where is the fire of life?” asked some of them.
“In you, in your blood, and in your bodies.”
“And the fire of death?” asked others.
“It is the fire which blazes outside your body, which is hotter than your blood. With that fire of death you cook your foods in your homes and in your fields. I tell you truly, it is the same fire which destroys your foods and your bodies, even as the fire of malice, which ravages your thoughts, ravages your spirits. For your body is that which you eat, and your spirit is that which you think. Eat nothing, therefore, which a stronger fire than the fire of life has killed. Wherefore, prepare and eat all fruits of trees, and all grasses of the fields, and all milk of beasts good for eating. For all these are fed and ripened by the fire of life; all are the gift of the angels of our Earthly Mother. But eat nothing to which only the fire of death gives savor, for such is of Satan.”
“So eat always from the table of God: the fruits of the trees, the grain and grasses of the field, the milk of beasts, and the honey of bees. For everything beyond these is of Satan, and leads by the way of sins and of diseases unto death. But the foods which you eat from the abundant table of God give strength and youth to your body, and you will never see diseases For the table of God fed Methuselah of old, and I tell you truly, if you live even as he lived, then will the God of the living give you also long life upon the earth as was his.
“For I tell you truly, the God of the living is richer than all the rich of the earth, and his abundant table is richer than the richest table of feasting of all the rich upon the earth. Eat; therefore, all your life at the table of our Earthly Mother, and you will never see want. And when you eat at her table, eat all things even as they are found on the table of the Earthly Mother. Cook not, neither mix all things one with another, lest your bowels become as steaming bogs (2). For I tell you truly, this is abominable in the eyes of the Lord.
“Take heed, therefore, and defile not with all kinds of abominations the temple of your bodies. Be content with two or three sorts of food, which you will find always upon the table of our Earthly Mother. And desire not to devour all things which you see around you. For I tell you truly, if you mix together all sorts of food in your body, then the peace of your body will cease, and endless war will rage in you. And it will be blotted out even as homes and kingdoms divided against themselves work their own destruction. For your God is the God of peace, and does never help division. Arouse not, therefore, against you the wrath of God, lest he drive you from his table, and lest you be compelled to go to the table of Satan, where the fire of sins, diseases, and death will corrupt your body.”
The Essene Gospel of Peace I
 The Essene Gospel of Peace Part II
From: The Gospel of Peace of Jesus Christ published by CW Daniel Company Ltd. ISBN 0-85207-103-5
1) Sometimes referred to, as the “culinary spark of life” enzymes are the agents in our foods that unlock the nutrients potential and allow our bodies to harness them. However cooking or freezing destroys them and the more you cook, the more are destroyed. Thus raw foods contain the most nutritive potential, whilst quick stir-fries or lightly steamed slightly less and so on.
2) Food combining or trophology is a science in itself and readers are referred to page 58 of Daniel Reid’s classic “The Tao of Health, Sex and Longevity” for further perspective.
General Ivashov: “International terrorism does not exist”February 24, 2007
General Leonid Ivashov – www.voltairenet.org
If we analyze what happened on September 11, 2001, in the United States, we can arrive at the following conclusions:
1. The organizers of those attacks were the political and business circles interested in destabilizing the world order and who had the means necessary to finance the operation. The political conception of this action matured there where tensions emerged in the administration of financial and other types of resources. We have to look for the reasons of the attacks in the coincidence of interests of the big capital at global and transnational levels, in the circles that were not satisfied with the rhythm of the globalization process or its direction. Unlike traditional wars, whose conception is determined by generals and politicians, the oligarchs and politicians submitted to the former were the ones who did it this time.
2. Only secret services and their current chiefs – or those retired but still having influence inside the state organizations – have the ability to plan, organize and conduct an operation of such magnitude. Generally, secret services create, finance and control extremist organizations. Without the support of secret services, these organizations cannot exist – let alone carry out operations of such magnitude inside countries so well protected. Planning and carrying out an operation on this scale is extremely complex.
3. Osama bin Laden and “Al Qaeda” cannot be the organizers nor the performers of the September 11 attacks. They do not have the necessary organization, resources or leaders. Thus, a team of professionals had to be created and the Arab kamikazes are just extras to mask the operation.
The September 11 operation modified the course of events in the world in the direction chosen by transnational mafias and international oligarchs; that is, those who hope to control the planet’s natural resources, the world information network and the financial flows. This operation also favored the US economic and political elite that also seeks world dominance.
The use of the term “international terrorism” has the following goals:
Hiding the real objectives of the forces deployed all over the world in the struggle for dominance and control;
Turning the people’s demands to a struggle of undefined goals against an invisible enemy;
Destroying basic international norms and changing concepts such as: aggression, state terror, dictatorship or movement of national liberation;
Depriving peoples of their legitimate right to fight against aggressions and to reject the work of foreign intelligence services;
Establishing the principle of renunciation to national interests, transforming objectives in the military field by giving priority to the war on terror, violating the logic of military alliances to the detriment of a joint defense and to favor the anti-terrorist coalition;
Solving economic problems through a tough military rule using the war on terror as a pretext.
Full article:
http://www.voltairenet.org/article133909.html



General Leonid Ivashov is the vice-president of the Academy on geopolitical affairs. He was the chief of the department for General affairs in the Soviet Union’s ministry of Defense, secretary of the Council of defense ministers of the Community of independant states (CIS), chief of the Military cooperation department at the Russian federation’s Ministry of defense and Joint chief of staff of the Russian armies.
 
 

Something Evil This Way Comes?February 24, 2007
Rixon Stewart – July 24, 2005
Were the recent bombings in London part of a covert operation intended to pave the way for a totalitarian state? No matter how outlandish this may sound, and despite what the mainstream media may say, there is considerable evidence that this may indeed be the case.
The mainstream media first speculated that Muslim fundamentalists were behind the July 7 bombings, then Al-Qaeda was named as the guilty party along with the names of the alleged “suicide bombers”. Then police said that they had no hard evidence that the bombers were actually “suicide bombers” at all; “it is possible that they did not intend to die,” a Scotland Yard spokesman later admitted (1).
Adding to the confusion, Police Commissioner Sir Ian Blair, is on record as telling the Foreign Press Association: “Al Qaeda is not an organization. Al Qaeda is a way of working” (2).
Indeed the official version of events has changed so much that you could almost believe that a team of scriptwriters were rewriting an ongoing storyline – to keep a bewildered public in suspense and confound genuine investigators.
As if to underline the point, exactly two weeks after the first bombings a series of smaller explosions shook the capitol on July 21.
Yet reports coming in to the Seeker paint a very different picture of events to that being told by officialdom and the mainstream media. For its part the media has described how the four bombers rendezvoused at Luton Station on the morning of July 7, before dispersing to their designated targets. And substantiating this: how police found a car parked at Luton Station with explosives in it.
Adding to the spin the Sunday Times reported on July 16, that one of the alleged bombers Mohammed Sidique Khan, a 30-year-old teaching assistant from West Yorkshire, came under scrutiny last year but was not judged to be a threat by MI5.
Of course this tells us little and will only add to calls for a security clampdown and more powers for the security establishment.
Yet commuters who passed through Luton around the time the bombers were reported to have passed through, an hour before the actual bomb blasts, tell a very different story. Trains passing through Luton were being were being cancelled or sent back from whence they came, one correspondent reports: “the press says that the bombers left Luton at 7.40 but anyone who had been at the station at 7.40 will tell you that is just not possible.”
Bus service employees have also described as “rubbish“ (3) claims by London Transport authorities that all 4 cameras on the bombed bus could have failed.
Now commuters who travelled through one of the underground stations attacked, Kings Cross, have emailed us describing scenes of chaos and confusion before the actual bombings, the result London Transport staff explained, of power surges and signal malfunctions.
One commuter explained that as she was about to board a train the public address system announced that commuters should leave the station immediately because of power surges. Instead, she jumped on the train and got off at the next station.
Had she not done so, she believes that she too might have ended up on the bombed bus, along with other commuters, as she left the station and boarded a number 30 bus instead.
Along with drills (4) to simulate bombings on the London Underground on the day of the actual bombings – reportedly carried out at the very stations that were bombed – the fact that the head of London’s transport system is a former Executive Assistant to the Director of the CIA (5), with extensive experience in false flag operations and warnings of attacks on London’s transport system from Israeli intelligence (or given to Israeli intelligence, depending on which version (6) you believe), all indications point to a covert black operation with the mainstream media playing its part by ignoring stories at odds with the official line.
There was even a precedent for the bombings, or depending on how you view it, trials were run. The northern city of Sheffield was buzzing with talk of bomb scares (7) on buses just two days before London was first bombed, however, this was all but ignored by the national media in the aftermath of the London attacks and remained confined to local news instead.
Also given very little prominence, were reports of the shooting of “suicide bombers” on London’s Canary Wharf on July 7th. According to a small inside page report in the New Zealand Herald: “A New Zealander working for Reuters in London said two colleagues witnessed the unconfirmed shooting by police of two apparent suicide bombers outside the HSBC tower at Canary Wharf in London.”
The man who was not prepared to give his name said two English colleagues, whom he also refused to name “witnessed the shooting from a building across the road from the tower.”
Thereafter, the Herald reports that: “the 8000 workers in the 44-storey tower were told to stay away from windows and remain in the building for at least six hours…” (8)
Still, before we take such reports at face value, it should be noted that readers who live in the Canary Wharf area have reported no such events to this website. Leading us to suspect that the above reports are yet more disinformation being used to decieve the public as to the real nature of events. The fact that this website has received reports from a number of eyewitnesses that they saw nothing of the kind at Canary Wharf that day only strengthens this suspicion.
As it happens, there is evidence that the July 7th attacks were not “suicide” bombings at all. Bruce Lait who was in an underground train carriage near London’s Aldgate East station when one of the bombs exploded, describes a scene that indicates that the bombs were planted, not carried by “suicide bombers”.
According to Bruce, as they made their way out of the wrecked train carriage, a policeman pointed out where the bomb had been. “The policeman said ‘mind that hole, that’s where the bomb was’. The metal was pushed upwards as if the bomb was underneath the train. They seem to think the bomb was left in a bag, but I don’t remember anybody being where the bomb was, or any bag,” he said. (9)
However, just as this and other questions about the attacks began to sizzle on the independent Internet, more blasts shook London’s transport network on July 21, silencing any further speculation, temporarily at least.
Coincidently, or maybe by design, the July 21st attacks occurred just as Tony Blair was meeting his security chiefs on new measures to fight terror. In fact the meeting itself was delayed as a result of the attacks. When it resumed, police chiefs and the heads of MI5 and MI6 recomended new laws allowing them to hold and interrogate suspects for up to 3 months, without charge.
As if to emphasise this, the following day police shot dead what was initially claimed to be “suicide bomber” at a south London underground station and unlike the Canary Wharf shooting, this received publicity. Hours after the shooting, Police Commissioner Ian Blair said the victim was ‘directly linked’ to the investigations into attacks on July 21 and July 7. But that changed after it became all too apparent that Jean Charles de Menezes was in no way linked to the blasts and the mainstream media conveniently forgot Sir Ian’s earlier claim (10).
Still the questions remain: what do the bombings actually signify and to what end were they carried out?
 From Kings Cross to Armageddon?
The events of September 11th 2001 helped pave the way for the invasion of Afghanistan and that ultimately led to the current quagmire in Iraq and a whole raft of new security legislation. Right now we cannot say with any certainty where the events of July 7th are heading but something is definitely in the offing.
At the time of writing, residents near Wright Patterson Air Force Base in the US report tremendous activity there, far more so than usual. Coupled with this we are informed that all leave has been cancelled at some US military bases and with the construction of a huge US military base in Israel (11) scheduled to be operational by September, something big is looming in the months ahead.
So if something is looming, you might ask, where will it happen? Just as the events of 9/11 led to Afghanistan and Iraq, we would suggest that the bombings of July 7 and 21st, are intended to lead to another war somewhere in the Middle East. Like Saddam Hussein’s fabled Weapons of Mass Destruction, it would only require some “evidence” to be unearthed linking the bomb attacks in London with Iran or Syria, to see another chapter open in the “War on Terror”.
Yet even if this does not happen, it will almost certainly lead to more police powers and an ever-encroaching police state. As illustrated by the experiences of a professor of economics who had been visiting Stoke-on-Trent on Thursday, July 7, 2005. As he waited for his train, delayed by events in London, he related to railway staff how the events of that day could be equated to the events of 9/11. Moments later he was approached by two policemen who questioned him for nearly 20 minutes: what was he doing there, what did he do for a living, where did he live? Had he not obviously been a respectable member of the community, had he been a young Asian or Muslim cleric for example, then he might have ended up in police custody. As it was though, he was allowed to continue on his journey but it says something about where we are heading as a society.
It also says something about the dark and truly diabolical nature of these events and how they are the outcome of a longer-term agenda. Over the past few decades Britain has seen a massive influx of immigrants of various faiths and races, creating a truly multi-cultural society, almost by design. Having created a society comprised of various faiths and races, the powers that be are now ready to exploit those differences and further their own power through the principle of “divide and rule”. For this writer believes that the bombings in London were staged, in part, to foment antagonism between Britain’s large Muslim community and its indigenous population.
Adding to the notion that the bombings in London were part of a truly diabolical design, there is even some occult significance for July 7, 2005, a date with genuine numerological import (12).
What happens next is anyone’s guess but in the words of Sherman Skolnick, stay tuned.
References:
(1) The London Attacks – Latest
http://propagandamatrix.com/Pages/Jul05/190705attacks.html
(2) Cops: London Attacks Were Homicide Blasts
http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,162476,00.html
(3) London Stagecoach Employee Says Bus Bombing Suspicious
http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles/july2005/150705busbombing.htm
(4) London Underground Bombing ‘Exercises’ Took Place at Same Time as Real Attack
http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles/july2005/090705bombingexercises.htm
(5) London Transport Controlled by Former CIA Executive Director
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/?p=3450
(6) Was Israel Warned Ahead of First Blast?
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/?p=3413
(7) Bomb scare leads to city gridlock
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/south_yorkshire/4654289.stm
(8) ‘Police shot bombers’ reports New Zealander
http://www.nzherald.co.nz/index.cfm?c_id=2&ObjectID=10334992
(9) “I was in tube bomb carriage – and survived”
http://www.cambridge-news.co.uk/news/region_wide/2005/07/11/83e33146-09af-4421-b2f4-1779a86926f9.lpf
(10) Jean Charles de Menezes
http://xymphora.blogspot.com/2005/07/jean-charles-de-menezes.html
(11) American Base in Israel
http://www.thegoldenreport.com/asp/jerrysnewsmanager/anmviewer.asp?a=928&print=yes
(12) Dark Secrets of the 7/7 Attacks
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/?p=3420
Electronically Hijacking the WTC Attack AircraftDecember 14, 2006
Joe Vialls – 2001
On Sept. 10 2001, just 24 hours before the WTC attack, The Washington Times ran an article quoting intelligence sources who described Israel’s Mossad as “Wildcard. Ruthless and cunning. Has capability to target US forces and make it look like a Palestinian/Arab act.” Moreover, they said, it was generally known in the intelligence community that the Mossad had penetrated every Muslim organization and would have little problem in finding any number of fanatics to carry out a suicide mission in the belief they were serving Allah. Ed.
In the mid-seventies America faced a new and escalating crisis, with US commercial jets being hijacked for geopolitical reasons. Determined to gain the upper hand in this new form of aerial warfare, two American multinationals collaborated with the Defense Advanced Projects Agency (DARPA) on a project designed to facilitate the remote recovery of hijacked American aircraft. Brilliant both in concept and operation, “Home Run” (not its real code name) allowed specialist ground controllers to listen in to cockpit conversations on the target aircraft, then take absolute control of its computerized flight control system by remote means. From that point onwards, regardless of the wishes of the hijackers or flight deck crew, the hijacked aircraft could be recovered and landed automatically at an airport of choice, with no more difficulty than flying a radio-controlled model plane. The engineers had no idea that almost thirty years after its initial design, Home Run’s top secret computer codes would be broken, and the system used to facilitate direct ground control of the four aircraft used in the high-profile attacks on New York and Washington on 11th September 2001.
Before moving on to the New York and Washington attacks, we first need to look at the ways in which an aircraft is normally controlled by its pilot, because without this basic knowledge, Home Run would make no sense. In order to control an aircraft in three-dimensional space, the pilot uses the control yoke (joystick) in front of him, rudder pedals under his feet, and a bank of engine throttles located at his side. Without engine thrust the aircraft would not fly at all, so the throttles are largely self explanatory: For more speed or altitude increase throttle, for less speed or altitude decrease throttle.
In order to raise or lower the nose of the aircraft, the pilot pulls or pushes on the control yoke, which in turn raises or lowers the elevators on the horizontal tailplane. To bank the aircraft left or right, the pilot moves the control yoke to the left or right, which in turn operates the ailerons on the outer wings. Lastly, to turn left or right at low speed or “balance” turns at high speed, the pilot presses the left or right rudder pedals as required, which in turn move the rudder on the vertical stabilizer.
Back in the early days of flight, the control yoke and rudder pedals were connected to the various flight control surfaces by thin cables, meaning the pilot had direct physical control over every movement the aircraft made. This was no great problem for an average man flying a small biplane, but as aircraft grew ever bigger, heavier and faster over the years, the loadings on the control yoke and rudder pedals became huge, certainly well beyond the ability of a single pilot to handle unaided.
By the late fifties we were well into the age of hydraulics, where just like the power steering on your automobile, hydraulic rams were placed in line between the pilot’s control cables and each individual control surface. Now when the pilot moved the control yoke, the cables activated sensors, which in turn activated one or more hydraulic rams, which in turn moved one or more control surfaces. For the first time since Bleriot and the Wright brothers, pilots were of necessity being steadily distanced from direct control of their own aircraft.
When the multinationals and DARPA finally came on the scene in the mid-seventies, aircraft systems were even more advanced, with computers controlling onboard autopilots, which in turn were capable of controlling all of the onboard hydraulics. In combination these multiple different functions were now known as the “Flight Control System” or FCS, in turn integrated with sophisticated avionics capable of automatically landing the aircraft in zero visibility conditions. In summary, by the mid-seventies most of the large jets were capable of effectively navigating hundreds of miles and then making automatic landings at a selected airport in zero-zero fog conditions. All of this could be accomplished unaided, but in theory at least, still under the watchful eyes of the flight deck crews.
In order to make Home Run truly effective, it had to be completely integrated with all onboard systems, and this could only be accomplished with a new aircraft design, several of which were on the drawing boards at that time. Under cover of extreme secrecy, the multinationals and DARPA went ahead on this basis and built “back doors” into the new computer designs. There were two very obvious hard requirements at this stage, the first a primary control channel for use in taking over the flight control system and flying the aircraft back to an airfield of choice, and secondly a covert audio channel for monitoring flight deck conversations. Once the primary channel was activated, all aircraft functions came under direct ground control, permanently removing the hijackers and pilots from the control loop.
Remember here, this was not a system designed to “undermine” the authority of the flight crews, but was put in place as a “doomsday” device in the event the hijackers started to shoot passengers or crew members, possibly including the pilots. Using the perfectly reasonable assumption that hijackers only carry a limited number of bullets, and many aircraft nowadays carry in excess of 300 passengers, Home Run could be used to fly all of the survivors to a friendly airport for a safe auto landing. So the system started out in life for the very best of reasons, but finally fell prey to security leaks, and eventually to compromised computer codes. In light of recent high-profile CIA and FBI spying trials, these leaks and compromised codes should come as no great surprise to anyone.
Activating the primary Home Run channel proved to be easy. Most readers will have heard of a “transponder”, prominent in most news reports immediately following the attacks on New York and Washington. Technically a transponder is a combined radio transmitter and receiver which operates automatically, in this case relaying data between the four aircraft and air traffic control on the ground. The signals sent provide a unique “identity” for each aircraft, essential in crowded airspace to avoid mid-air collisions, and equally essential for Home Run controllers trying to lock onto the correct aircraft. Once it has located the correct aircraft, Home Run “piggy backs” a data transmission onto the transponder channel and takes direct control from the ground.
This explains why none of the aircraft sent a special “I have been hijacked” transponder code, despite multiple activation points on all four aircraft. Because the transponder frequency had already been piggy backed by Home Run, transmission of the special hijack code was rendered impossible. This was the first hard proof that the target aircraft had been hijacked electronically from the ground, rather than by [FBI-inspired] motley crews of Arabs toting penknives.
The Home Run listening device on the flight deck utilizes the cockpit microphones that normally feed the Cockpit Voice Recorder (CVR), one of two black boxes armored to withstand heavy impact and thereby later give investigators significant clues to why the aircraft crashed.
However, once hooked into Home Run, the CVRs are bypassed and voice transmissions are no longer recorded on the 30-minute endless loop recording tape. If Home Run is active for more than thirty minutes, there will therefore be no audible data on the Cockpit Voice Recorders. To date, crash investigators have recovered the CVRs from the Pentagon and Pittsburg aircraft, and publicly confirmed that both are completely blank. The only possible reason for this, is data capture by Home Run, providing the final hard proof that the attack aircraft were hijacked electronically from the ground, rather than by “Arab terrorists”.
Many readers might by now be indignant; convinced this is incorrect or misleading information because of “those telephone calls from the hijacked aircraft”. Which telephone calls exactly? There are no records of any such calls, and the emotional claptrap the media fed you in the aftermath of the attack was in all cases third-person. We had the media’s invisible “contact” at an airline who “said” a hostess called to report a hijacking, and we had a priest (?) who “said” he received a call from a man asking him in turn to call his wife and tell her he loved her. Presumably this man would have had his wife’s name filed in his cellphone, and faced with imminent death would have called her direct. The FAA helped out by claiming that it had “overheard” a heated argument from a cockpit where the radio transmit switch had been left in the “on” position. When push came to shove, the FAA was forced to retract, and admit that the mythical argument was not on the tapes at all.
Whether more information will be forthcoming about Home Run is unknown, but nowadays there are large numbers of people apart from the author privy to the basic data. As long ago as the early nineties, a major European flag carrier acquired the information and was seriously alarmed that one of its own aircraft might be “rescued” by the Americans without its authority. Accordingly, this flag carrier completely stripped the American flight control computers out of its entire fleet, and replaced them with a home grown version. These aircraft are now effectively impregnable to penetration by Home Run, but that is more than can be said for the American aircraft fleet. A casual count indicates around 600 aircraft in the USA and elsewhere are still vulnerable and could be used in further attacks at any time, which might help explain why America has lately been bombing the Afghans primarily with bags of wheat. For the first time in US history, American officials appear to be genuinely fearful of future reprisals, and justifiably so with 600 giant bombs parked on the wrong side of their missile defence shield.
It is a “Catch 22” situation. In order to make all of the aircraft safe, the flight control systems would have to be stripped out and replaced, at a cost of billions of dollars the airlines cannot afford because they are going broke. Nor is there enough time. The most innovative anti-hijacking tool in the American arsenal, has now become the biggest known threat to American national security.
For the purpose of public reassurance I would like to publish a complete list of aircraft which cannot be affected by Home Run, but I cannot do so for legal reasons. Any aircraft manufacturer not on the list might feel inclined to sue me for defamation and I can’t afford that. However, there is nothing to stop me publishing my personal choice of aircraft for a flight from, say, Atlanta to Singapore via JFK, Frankfurt, and Kuala Lumpur.
From Atlanta to JFK I would probably travel on a Boeing 737, and connect with a Boeing 777 for the onward flight to Frankfurt. At Frankfurt I would probably board an Airbus A340 for Kuala Lumpur, and finish the journey to Singapore on a DC9 or a Fokker 100. Naturally I might be unlucky enough to pick an aircraft with an intoxicated pilot, or an unrelated mechanical problem, but apart from those minor risks I’d feel pretty safe.
 Joe Vialls is a former member of the Society of Licensed Aeronautical Engineers and Technologists, London.
Letter from James Abourezk, former US Senator from South Dakota to Jeff Blankfort on the Israel LobbyDecember 8, 2006
The following letter was sent to me today by James Abourezk, former US Senator from South Dakota, and he readily complied when I asked that I be allowed to forward it to my list because what he had to say is of the utmost importance, given last month’s election and all the new faces in Congress, and the immediate previous posting to you and James Petras’s article earlier in the day.
Dear Jeff:
I just finished reading your critique of Noam Chomsky’s positions in an e mail sent to me by Tony Saidy.
I had never paid much attention to Chomsky’s writings, as I had all along assumed that he was correct and proper in his position on the Arab-Israeli conflict.
But now, upon learning that his first assumption is that Israel is simply doing what the imperial leaders in the U.S. wants them to do, I concur with you that this assumption is completely wrong.
I can tell you from personal experience that, at least in the Congress, the support Israel has in that body is based completely on political fear–fear of defeat by anyone who does not do what Israel wants done. I can also tell you that very few members of Congress–at least when I served there–have any affection for Israel or for its Lobby. What they have is contempt, but it is silenced by fear of being found out exactly how they feel. I’ve heard too many cloakroom conversations in which members of the Senate will voice their bitter feelings about how they’re pushed around by the Lobby to think otherwise. In private one hears the dislike of Israel and the tactics of the Lobby, but not one of them is willing to risk the Lobby’s animosity by making their feelings public.
Thus, I see no desire on the part of Members of Congress to further any U.S. imperial dreams by using Israel as their pit bull. The only exceptions to that rule are the feelings of Jewish members, whom, I believe, are sincere in their efforts to keep U.S. money flowing to Israel. But that minority does not a U.S. imperial policy make.
Secondly, the Lobby is quite clear in its efforts to suppress any congressional dissent from the policy of complete support for Israel which might hurt annual appropriations. Even one voice is attacked, as I was, on grounds that if Congress is completely silent on the issue, the press will have no one to quote, which effectively silences the press as well. Any journalists or editors who step out of line are quickly brought under control by well organized economic pressure against the newspaper caught sinning.
I once made a trip through the Middle East, taking with me a reporter friend who wrote for Knight-Ridder newspapers. He was writing honestly about what he saw with respect to the Palestinians and other countries bordering on Israel. The St. Paul Pioneer press executives received threats from several of their large advertisers that their advertising would be terminated if they continued publishing the journalist’s articles. It’s a lesson quickly learned by those who controlled the paper.
With respect to the positions of several administrations on the question of Israel, there are two things that bring them into line: One is pressure from members of Congress who bring that pressure resulting in the demands of AIPAC, and the other is the desire on the part of the President and his advisers to keep their respective political parties from crumbling under that pressure. I do not recall a single instance where any administration saw the need for Israel’s military power to advance U.S. Imperial interests. In fact, as we saw in the Gulf War, Israel’s involvement was detrimental to what Bush, Sr. wanted to accomplish in that war. They had, as you might remember, to suppress any Israeli assistance so that the coalition would not be destroyed by their involvement.
So far as the argument that we need to use Israel as a base for U.S. operations, I’m not aware of any U.S. bases there of any kind. The U.S. has enough military bases, and fleets, in the area to be able to handle any kind of military needs without using Israel. In fact I can’t think of an instance where the U.S. would want to involve Israel militarily for fear of upsetting the current allies the U.S. has, i.e., Saudi Arabia and the Emirates. The public in those countries would not allow the monarchies to continue their alliance with the U.S. should Israel become involved.
I suppose one could argue that Bush’s encouragement of Israel in the Lebanon war this summer was the result of some imperial urge, but it was merely an extension of the U.S. policy of helping Israel because of the Lobby’s continual pressure. In fact, I heard not one voice of opposition to the Israeli invasion of Lebanon this summer (except Chuck Hagel). Lebanon always has been a “throw away” country so far as the congress is concerned, that is, what happens there has no effect on U.S. interests. There is no Lebanon Lobby. The same was true in 1982, when the Congress fell completely silent over the invasion that year.
I think in the heart of hearts of both members of congress and of the administrations they would prefer not to have Israel fouling things up for U.S. foreign policy, which is to keep oil flowing to the Western world to prevent an economic depression. But what our policy makers do is to juggle the Lobby’s pressure on them to support Israel with keeping the oil countries from cutting off oil to the western nations. So far they’ve been able to do that. With the exception of King Feisal and his oil embargo, there hasn’t been a Saudi leader able to stand up to U.S. policy.
So I believe that divestment, and especially cutting off U.S. aid to Israel would immediately result in Israel’s giving up the West Bank and leaving the Gaza to the Palestinians. Such pressure would work, I think, because the Israeli public would be able to determine what is causing their misery and would demand that an immediate peace agreement be made with the Palestinians. It would work because of the democracy there, unlike sanctions against a dictatorship where the public could do little about changing their leaders’ minds. One need only look at the objectives of the Israeli Lobby to determine how to best change their minds. The Lobby’s principal objectives are to keep money flowing from the U.S. treasury to Israel, requiring a docile congress and a compliant administration. As Willie Sutton once said, “That’s where the money is.”
Jim Abourezk
http://www.uruknet.de/?p=m28769&hd=&size=1&l=e
Was Timothy McVeigh Really Executed?November 5, 2006
Rixon Stewart – 2002
No really, that’s a serious question. For throughout the whole OKC bombing saga the mainstream media has ignored some serious inconsistencies.
For example: some of those killed in the Oklahoma City bombing were not killed in the blast itself but died later in highly suspicious circumstances. One such was Mike Loudenslager who was responsible for saving the lives of many children in the Murrah Building’s day care centre.
In the weeks prior to the actual bombing, Loudenslager, a GSA employee, had been complaining about the large amounts of ordinance and explosives being brought into the building by the B.A.T.F. and D.E.A, who had offices there. Others had been complaining too, including the building’s security director who filed a formal compliant and promptly lost his job. Thereafter fire marshals were denied access to the building when they arrived to inspect some remodelling that had been done to the day care centre.
Fearing the worst, Loudenslager and the day care operator began warning the children’s parents not to bring their children into the building. Had they not done so, the death toll probably would have been far higher.
Shortly after the actual bombing, Loudenslager was seen by many witnesses, including police officers and rescue workers, involved in a very “heated” confrontation. Much of his anger being due to the fact that he felt that the B.A.T.F. and D.E.A. were responsible for the extent of the blast damage.
However to the astonishment of those who had seen him in the immediate aftermath of the bombing, it was later reported that Loudenslager was found at his desk, a victim of the 9:02 A.M. bombing. This was reported only AFTER he had been seen alive and well by numerous rescue workers. Despite this he is now on the official list of victims claimed by the blast.
His death was to play a part in the demise of two others, Dr. Don Chumley and Terry Yeakey, both of who were at the Murrah Building that fateful morning. They had something else in common too; at the time of their deaths each had been trying to deliver evidence that Loudenslager was alive AFTER the bombing which is said to have killed him.
Terry Yeakey met his demise whilst delivering evidence to a multi-county task force that, he thought, would establish the truth about the Oklahoma City bombing. Whilst Dr. Chumley was killed some months earlier, when his personal jet “crashed”, attempting to do the same. Meanwhile the mainstream media has ignored compelling evidence contrary to the official line that McVeigh acted alone in delivering a truck carrying a fertilizer bomb to the Murrah Building. Yet literally hundreds have attested otherwise.
One such is retired Air Force Brigadier General Benton K. Partin, former head of the U.S. Air Force Armament Technology Laboratory. His request that the bombsite be preserved for further investigation was completely ignored by the U.S. Government; instead the site was covered over three weeks ahead of schedule, effectively burying the remaining forensic evidence.
Moreover many eyewitnesses reported not one, but two explosions, and this is a certifiable fact. Investigations at the Oklahoma Geological Survey at the University of Oklahoma revealed seismographic records indicating two explosions, ten seconds apart. The first occurred at 9: 02 and 13 seconds with another following at 9:02 and 23 seconds. According to General Partin and many explosive experts that investigator Ted Gunderson has spoken to, this rules out the explanation of a truck bomb.
A more plausible explanation, they say, is a barometric bomb. This works via a process that involves not one but two explosions; the first uses an explosive known as PETN which releases a lethal cloud of chemicals, ammonium nitrate and aluminium silicate. This cloud is energised with what is described as a “high potential electrostatic field.” A few seconds later there follows another blast using an explosive called PDTN that ignites the cloud created with a much greater force than TNT.
This would account for the two blasts heard by witnesses and it would also explain the extensive damage caused by the explosion. However such a bomb would be beyond the scope of a supposed ‘lone nut’ like Timothy McVeigh. In fact knowledge of how to construct such a device is available to only a few with the highest level of security clearance because the barometric bomb is still highly classified. In other words only those with a high level of security clearance in the U.S. Government and security services would have access to the know how to construct such a device.
Not only did McVeigh not have such clearance but he didn’t have the necessary know how to make such a device himself. All of which suggests that McVeigh was not the bomber but a patsy, a fall guy who was lined up to take the rap for the bombing. And his reward? A place in the history books with a new life and a clean bill of health after his “execution” maybe? Significantly, by court order there was no autopsy and no cremation of his body after execution, this despite the fact that both are standard practise for executed prisoners. Moreover according to reporters covering the execution, McVeigh seemed remarkably calm. So there were no last minute nerves, no clinical autopsy, no cremation and maybe no body too?

And in a final ironic twist McVeigh’s death certificate – if authentic – lists him a “soldier” and his employer as the US Army. Yet he supposedly left the US Army back in 1993.
Sources include: brasscheck, Team Infinity, skolnick.com and rense.com/general/okc.htm
Sgt. McVeigh was an outstanding soldier. He did what he was told, anticipated what had to be done (and) took pride in his work,” – Capt. Jesus Angel Rodriguez, McVeigh’s commanding officer during the Gulf War, testifying at his sentencing hearing
“The shallow breathing continued… or what appeared to be shallow breathing… even after they pronounced him dead.” – Susan Carlson reporting on McVeigh’s execution for WLS Chicago, broadcast minutes after the sentence was carried out.
Postscript. The above was first posted on rumormillnews, a forum often used by dissident US government insiders. One anonymous respondent wrote that he had personally heard McVeigh being told that: “they wouldn’t let him die inside.”
http://www.rumormillnews.net/cgi-bin/config.pl?read=10133
The Life of an American Jew in Racist Marxist Israel Part IIOctober 27, 2006
Jack Bernstein – The People’s Voice 
Before Israel became a state in 1948, Jews worldwide were filled with Zionist propaganda that Israel would be a homeland for all Jews, a refuge for persecuted Jews, a democratic country and the fulfillment of biblical prophecy.
I am an Ashkenazi Jew who spent the first 25 years of my life in the United States, the country that has given ALL Jews freedom and the opportunity to prosper — and prosper we Jews did, to the point that one portion of the Jews (the Zionists) have gained a position of political and economic dominance in the U.S.
To fully understand the story I am about to tell, it is important that you understand what Zionism really is. Zionist propaganda has led the American people to believe that Zionism and Judaism are one and the same and that they are religious in nature. This is a blatant lie.
Judaism is a religion; but Zionism is a political movement started mainly by East European (Ashkenazi) Jews who for centuries have been the main force behind communism/socialism. The ultimate goal of the Zionists is one-world government under the control of the Zionists and the Zionist-oriented Jewish international bankers. Communism/socialism are merely tools to help them accomplish their goal.
 Israel’s Attack on the U.S.S. Liberty
During the 1967 War, one of the most daring acts of treachery was committed. It was the attack on an American ship, the USS Liberty, by America’s so-called friend, Israel.
During Israel’s treacherous attack on Egypt, the USS Liberty, an American surveillance ship, was cruising off the coast of Israel monitoring the progress of the attack.
Realizing the USS Liberty was learning and recording Israel’s acts of treachery, Israeli leaders decided to ‘get rid’ of the evidence. Israeli planes and torpedo boats attacked Liberty with the obvious intent of sinking it. If the ship was sunk, thus destroying the evidence, Israel then could blame Egypt for the attack — and the Zionist controlled news-media in America would have given the lie as fact with the intent of turning the American people against Egypt. But, fortunately — bravery on the part of the Liberty crew kept the ship afloat. Israel failed in its act of treachery against America, its ally, but during the attack, Israel killed 34 crew members of the Liberty and wounded 171.
Israel claimed the attack on the Liberty was a case of mistaken identity. But, reports by the surviving crew and other evidence prove the attack by Israel was intentional.
Facts about the attack on the USS Liberty were conveniently omitted by the Zionist controlled American news-media. All that the Zionists told the American people was that Israel had sunk an American ship, but that it was a case of mistaken identity.
An investigation by the U.S. Government was subdued and the matter quickly forgotten. This is a good example of the tremendous influence the Zionists have over the U.S. Government.
The cover-up of the whole scandalous affair by the U.S. Government could not have succeeded if the news-media had done its duty and reported the facts surrounding the attack. It is a good example of the power the Zionist controlled news-media in America to distort or withhold important news from the American people.
1973 War – The treachery on the part of Israel and the Soviets that led to the 1967 War embittered the Arab people and immediately they began arming with the intent of retaliating for this Israeli treachery and to try and take back the land that Israel had taken from them. By 1973 they were prepared.
Even though several Arab countries were preparing militarily, they were trying to peacefully work out a solution with Israel. But, Israel was assured that their Zionist brethren in America would use their power over the U.S. Government to make sure that the U.S. would support Israel. So, Israel’s leaders continued to maintain a belligerent attitude.
Realizing the hopelessness of further negotiating with Israel’s leaders, Egypt along with Jordan, Syria and Iraq attacked Israel — and they were winning.
With Israel facing defeat, the powerful Zionists in America pulled the strings of their power over the U.S. Government and the U.S. Government officials obeyed their Zionist masters. Massive amounts of U.S. military equipment and arms were airlifted at taxpayer’s expense to Israel to bolster the retreating Israeli forces.
This U.S. aid enabled Israel to turn the tide and emerge victorious. Yes, Israel was saved, but so much U.S. military equipment was airlifted to Israel at that time that the U.S. armed forces were left in short supply and in a weakened position.
U.S. Government officials are so much under the influence of the Zionists that they had alerted the 82nd Airborne Division stationed at Ft. Bragg, N.C. and U.S. troops stationed in Germany for the purpose of being sent to aid Israel, if necessary.
It is pretty sad that to please the Zionist power in America, U.S. Government officials are willing to sacrifice the lives of American boys to save Zionist/Marxist Israel.
Young men already in the U.S. armed forces and their parents, grandparents, brothers and sisters should especially be concerned about Israeli precipitated wars and attempts to involve the U.S. in these wars, because if necessary, to save Israel in one of their acts of aggression, the U.S. Government will bow to the American Zionists and send American boys into combat — the boys will have no choice but fight on the side of Zionist/Marxist Israel.
IF AMERICAN BOYS DIE IN A FUTURE MID-EAST WAR, YOU WILL KNOW THAT THOSE RESPONSIBLE WILL BE THE ZIONIST JEWS OF AMERICA and THE WEAK-SPINED POLITICIAN IN WASHINGTON, D.C. WHO BOW TO THEIR ZIONIST LORDS.
 New York/Moscow/Tel Aviv Triangle
At this point, you may be confused, Israel and the Soviets are ideological allies — both follow the ideas of Karl Marx, so both are communist/socialist. Yet, the Soviets supplied military equipment to the Arabs — Israel’s enemies; and at the same time, the Soviet Union’s enemy, the United States, was arming Israel.
To understand the treachery which Zionist/Bolshevik Jews are capable and to understand the treachery which took place before and during the 1973 War, I must explain the New York/Moscow/Tel Aviv Triangle. To do so, it is necessary to go back a few years in history.
A heavy migration of Jews from Russia to America started in 1831. Most of these were communist Jews. So many of these communist/Bolshevik Jews settled in New York City that New York has been referred to as ‘Moscow on the Hudson’.
It has been pointed out, and with good reason, that decisions regarding communist policies come not from Moscow, but from New York City. Whether this is a fact or not is immaterial. What is important is the fact that there is a close tie between the Zionist/Bolshevik Jews in New York City and the Zionist/Bolshevik Jews in Moscow, and extending to include the Zionist/Bolshevik Jews who dominate Israel’s government.
The Zionist power over the U.S. Government in Washington, D.C. stems from the Zionist/Bolsheviks centered in New York City. It is from New York that orders go out to the vast Zionist network all over the U.S. — a network that influences the economic and political affairs of not only our federal government, but nearly all, if not all, state governments, and to a great extent the governments of the larger and even medium sized cities. This power of the Zionist/Bolshevik Jews over the U.S. makes the New York leg of the New York/Moscow/Tel Aviv Triangle a tremendous influence over communist policies.
In viewing the 1973 War, most people and it seems most Arabs are of the impression that since Soviet Russia sold equipment to Egypt and other Arab countries, the Soviets were in support of the Arabs in the 1973 War. This is a false impression. To understand that this is the result of more deceit on the part of Israel and the Soviet Union, you must be aware of the Golda Meir — Stalin/ Kaganovich Pact.
Golda Meir had been born in Russia, grew up in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and in 1921 migrated to Israel. In 1949, Golda Meir became Israel’s first ambassador to the Soviet Union.
Representing Israel, Ambassador Golda Meir, a Bolshevik Jewess, met with two representatives of the Soviet Union: Kaganovich, a Bolshevik Jew and Stalin who had married a Bolshevik Jewess. They made a secret agreement — a pact.
 ISRAEL’S PART OF THE PACT WAS:
1) Israel would not allow any Western country, especially the U.S. to build military bases on Israeli territory.
2) Israel would allow an official communist party to function freely in Israel.
3) Israel would not make any agreement to solve the Palestinian problem.
4) Israel would influence world Jewry, especially in the U.S. to have Western Powers adopt a policy of favoring Israel over the Arabs.
5) Israel was to continue its Marxist economic policies and prevent any free-enterprise tendencies.
 SOVIET UNION’S PART OF THE PACT WAS:
1) The Soviets would institute a pro-Arab policy solely as a camouflage for its true intentions which was to furnish aid to the Arabs, but never enough to enable the Arabs to destroy Israel.
2) The Soviets would open the gates of Soviet satellite countries to Jewish immigration to Israel. Should this be insufficient, Soviet Russia then would open its own gates to immigration.
3) The Soviets would absolutely guarantee the security of Israel.
Both the Soviet Union and Israel would exchange intelligence reports.
From the terms of this pact, you can see it was, and still is, the aim of the Soviet Union and Zionist/Marxist Israel to prevent peace between the Arab countries and Israel until all the Arab countries are forced to adopt socialism under Soviet leadership.
In the conduct of the 1973 War you can see part of this deceitful agreement being utilized — in particular the part about the Soviet Union helping the Arabs — but not helping enough to defeat Israel.
In planning the 1967 War, Israel was aware that the Arab countries bordering Israel were buying equipment from the Soviets, an Israeli ally. But, because of the Golda Meir — Stalin/Kaganovich Pact, Israeli leaders knew the Soviets would not help the Arabs enough to defeat Israel — that the aid the Soviets were giving the Arabs was only ‘bait’ to draw the Arab countries into the Soviet trap. Also, Israeli leaders knew that their American Zionist brethren were making sure the U.S. Government was supplying enough arms to stop the Arabs; and would send more equipment, even troops if necessary.
When the 1973 War started, Jordan, Egypt, Syria and Iraq surprised Israel with their improved fighting capability.
The Egyptian Army faced what would seem an impossible task in its attempt to penetrate Israeli territory.
First, there was the water barrier, the Suez Canal, to cross. Then, they would face a high wall of sand and fine dust which was erected by Israel. Behind that wall was a third barrier — a line of Israeli fortifications. These fortifications were stronger than the Maginot Line erected by France before World War II to stop any German invasion of France.
Yet, by ingenuity, the Egyptian Army crossed the Suez Canal, went over the sand and dust barrier and broke through the heavy fortifications in a matter of a few hours.
Israel was in trouble; the Arabs were winning the war.
But, as pre-planned — If necessary, the U.S. airlifted huge amounts of military equipment and supplies to Israel and, as I mentioned before, the U.S. Airborne Division at Ft. Bragg, N.C. and U.S. troops stationed in Germany were placed on alert and would have been sent to help the Israeli forces if it became necessary to help Israel win the war. Fortunately for America, American troops weren’t needed to help Israel survive. The additional arms were enough. However, the Arab forces were strong enough to stop Israel from taking over more Arab land. In fact, Egypt was able to take back part of the Sinai.
Egypt’s President Sadat realized that the Soviets had no intention of helping the Arabs win the war; that the Soviets in selling them some equipment were only trying to trap Egypt in the Soviet net. So, Sadat kicked Soviet military advisors and civilian technicians out of Egypt.
 1982 Invasion of Lebanon
In Israel, most Jews have become tired of Israel’s involvement in war and aggressive acts and want peace. It is only the communist faction that wants war. Sadly, it is these communists who are in power in Israel.
The 1982 attack into Lebanon by Israel further divided the Jewish population of Israel — even within the more militant Zionist Jews there is a split.
The reason given by Israeli leaders for the attack into Lebanon was ‘to root out the Palestine Liberation Army (PLO) and stop their terrorist attacks into Israel. Many Israeli’s have dared speak out and condemn this reason as false. They have pointed out that in an effort to achieve peace with Israel, the P.L.O. had for 11 months refrained from making any attacks on Israel.
The real reasons for Israel’s attack Lebanon were: (And still are, according to the latest headlines).
1) It is the intention of Israel’s Zionist/Marxist leaders to carry on perpetual war. The attack into Lebanon was merely another phase of Israel’s ‘wars of aggression’ policy.
2) Water is scarce in the Mideast, especially in Israel. Ever since Israel became a state, it has wanted the waters of the Litani River for use in Israel, and the only way they could get it was to go in and take it militarily.
Israeli leaders and the general population figured the war would last only a few days. But, the Palestinians and other Arabs fought heroically against the Israeli invaders who had far superior equipment. As the months passed without victory, and as more Israeli soldiers were brought home and buried, dissent within Israel spread. In the Israeli military forces, many members resigned or refused to carry out orders because it would have meant killing innocent civilians.
The death of the 250 Marines serving in Lebanon has been blamed on the Arabs. This is as it had been reported by the Zionist controlled news-media in America. But, this has not been proven! In fact, reliable reports coming out of Lebanon indicate the terrorist attack on the American marine base was planned by Israeli military personnel or the Mossad, Israel’s secret service. In that case, who actually carried out the attack is immaterial — Israeli personnel planned and instigated the attack. It is common practice for the Zionist/Marxists to plan a covert act and then get someone else to do the dirty work.
By instigating the attack on the Marine base, the Israeli ‘War Hawks’ had hoped the attack would turn the American people against the Arabs and that America could be drawn into the war and further help Israel in its aggression against the Arabs. Fortunately, the American people didn’t fall for the trap.
A good example of how the Zionists will commit an act of terrorism with the thought of someone else being blamed is the Layon Affair. In 1954 a group of Israeli’s set off a series of bombings of American institutions in Egypt including the American Embassy. They expected that Egypt would be blamed for the bombings and cause a break in U.S.-Egyptian relations.
Fortunately, Egyptian authorities caught the Israeli agents in the act of setting one of the bombs and the whole Israeli plot was exposed.
Most Americans are not aware of the treacherous Layon Affair because the Zionist controlled U.S. news-media failed to report it; just as they failed to report the facts surrounding the Israeli shelling of the USS LIBERTY.
When will Israel stir up another war — 1985? — 1986? It is difficult to predict, but it is certain that Israel will cause another war unless the American people learn the truth about Zionist/Marxist Israel and act to stop the politicians in Washington from bowing to the American Zionists and stop using American taxpayer’s money to finance Israel’s war machine.
There is no doubt that Israel has a powerful military force. The base of Israel’s military power is the massive amounts of the latest equipment supplied by the U.S. and paid for by the American taxpayers.
Weakness in Israel’s Military
 But serious weaknesses have developed in Israel’s military. It is in the makeup of the personnel that weaknesses emerge. This is due to two main reasons:
1) Because Israel has continuously been involved in war or preparing for war, the cream of Israel’s youth are leaving Israel or they find some excuse to not serve in the armed forces. The Israeli Army is so short of manpower that it is openly recruiting homosexuals of which Israel has an abundant supply. In 1976 an Israeli army officer testifying before the Knesset (Israel’s Congress) said in effect, if we do not recruit homosexuals, we will not have enough manpower to fill the ranks.
Also, it has been learned that Israel has had to resort to hiring foreign mercenaries. (Paid fighters).
2) Another weak point is the growing ill-feeling between Ashkenazi Jews and Sephardic Jews in the Israeli Army. This has developed because nearly all the officers are Ashkenazi Jews and most of the lower ranks who must do the fighting are Sephardic Jews. Due to the shabby treatment of Sephardic Jews by the Ashkenazi Jews in the Army, a mutiny by Sephardic Jews is a strong possibility.
 A Warning to Mr., Mrs. and Miss America
The Marxist Zionists who rule Israel and the Marxist Zionists in America have been trying to trick the U.S. into a Mideast war on the side of Israel, of course. They almost succeeded when U.S. Marines were sent to Lebanon in 1982. The blood of the 250 American Marines who died in Lebanon is dripping from the hands of the Israeli and American Zionists.
If more Americans are not made aware of the truth about Zionist/Marxist Israel, you can be sure that, sooner or later, these atheists who claim to be God’s Chosen People will trick the U.S. into a Mideast war against the Arabs who in the past have always been America’s best friends. Then, —
More American boys will die because of these clever murderous Zionists, WHO, incidentally, have been responsible for pushing America into WORLD WAR I, WORLD WAR II, the KOREAN WAR and the VIETNAM WAR.
While Zionist International Bankers and other Zionist Jews were busy counting their profits from those wars, American mothers and fathers, brothers and sisters were mourning the loss of their sons and brothers.
WILL YOU SOMEDAY BE MOURNING THE LOSS OF YOUR SON OR BROTHER — because of Zionist treachery?
Since Israel (formerly Palestine) is the land where, Jesus and Mohammed once walked, it would seem the inhabitants of this land would have respect for this holy land and for the religious sites that exist.
Crime in Israel
Nearly all Arab Moslems and Arab Christians do have respect, even reverence, toward the holiness of the land; but, only a small minority of the Jews have this same respect. 95% of the Jewish population are atheists or secular humanists and are not held back by the 10 commandments or other restraints on sinful human behavior.
When the Zionist/Bolshevik Jews won control of the ‘Holy Land’, every form of sin began seeping into this land. Within a few short decades, this holy land became a modern-day Sodom and Gomorrah. Drug trade, drug abuse, illegal weapons sales, prostitution, gambling, labor racketeering, murder, extortion, blackmail, insurance fraud, loan sharking and corruption of government officials and police.
Israel has a highly organized crime syndicate headquartered in Bat-Yam near Tel Aviv. Many members of the crime syndicate are ex-convicts and ex-commandos from the Israeli Army and they are highly skilled in the use of weapons and explosives.
The crime syndicate in Israel operates openly because of corruption in government and police circles. Some of the police and government officials are actively associated with the crime operation. The average American doesn’t hear of this, the real side of Israel, because the Zionist controlled press, radio and TV in America keeps silent about it. But, in Israel some newspapers report the facts. For instance: Right in the middle of page one of the Hebrew language newspapers a couple of years ago was an article that said in effect, what the Italian mafia couldn’t accomplish in 40 years, the Israeli mafia accomplished in 5 years. It has developed the largest illegal drug exporting ring in the Mideast, selling drugs mainly to Germany and the U.S. They have even set up a distribution network within Germany and the U.S.
Except for a few religious Jews who have emotional religious ties to the holy sites in Israel, and lower class Jews who can’t afford to leave, all other decent Jews have left or are planning to leave. One big reason is the sin permeating virtually every phase of Israeli society is too much for decent Jews to endure.
 Israel’s Arms Industry
Since terrorism, violence and war are a way of life in Israel, it is only natural that manufacturing of military equipment and arms has become Israel’s main industry and export. During the first few years of its existence, Israel acquired its military needs from the U.S. and from communist countries. But, gradually with U.S. assistance, Israel developed its own arms industry.
ZIONIST DOMINATION OF THE U.S. GOVERNMENT HAS LED TO AN ‘ISRAEL FIRST’ POLICY. THIS ‘ISRAEL FIRST’ POLICY HAS SEVERELY HURT THE U.S. ECONOMY.
Instead of manufacturing certain military materials in the U.S. and thus provide jobs for American worker, factories were set up in Israel with U.S. financing and technical assistance to manufacture these products.
The U.S. has also helped Israel set up factories to produce electronic equipment, pharmaceuticals, chemicals, home appliances, etc., all products that could have been produced in the U.S.
While Israel profits from these ‘Help Israel’ ventures, American workers are left standing in unemployment lines.
Manufacturing of certain war materials has become so great that it has become Israel’s main export. This war-creating country which has been portrayed as ‘the only barrier to communism in the Mideast’ sell its war products to anyone who has the money — including repressive dictatorships — FASCIST or COMMUNIST.
Israel not only sells weapons made in Israel, but also sells weapons supplied to Israel by the U.S.
It has been discovered that some weapons used by Soviet forces in Afghanistan were MADE IN AMERICA and originally shipped to Israel.
Also, it has been learned that some weapons used by Cuban forces in Angola were MADE IN AMERICA and originally shipped to Israel.
It is ironic that the United States is in a life and death struggle against the spread of Communism. Yet, our Zionist-dominated U.S. Government allows military equipment to be shipped to communist forces VIA ISRAEL.
 Israel’s Racist Policies
You will recall that I mentioned my troubles in Israel began when I, an Ashkenazi Jew, married a Sephardic Jewess. Anti-Sephardic treatment by Ashkenazi Jews is even official government policy. This racism runs very deep in Israel and sharply divides the Jewish population.
One day, I entered a cafe in Tel Aviv. The place was crowded and I sat down on the only seat available. Also sitting at this table were 5 Sephardic Jews from Morocco. They learned that I was studying the Hebrew language, so they were helping me with my studies when a blue-eyed, Nazi-type Israeli police officer walked into the cafe.
He ordered me to “Get away from those Kooshim. ‘Kooshim’ in Hebrew means ‘Niggers.’
I replied, “After I finish eating”.
The officer drew his service revolver and said, “You move now!“
“You had better listen to him,” the cafe owner advised. So, I got up.
Standing close to me, the officer pointed his gun right at my face and ordered, “Throw your coffee and pastry on the floor”.
With a gun pointed at me, I didn’t argue, I threw the coffee and pastry on the floor.
Then he said, “Get out of here and don’t come back”. Later, I learned that I was lucky. He could have arrested me if he had wished; and he could have even shot me under vague Israeli laws.
In the U.S., if anyone complains of police brutality or misconduct, there is an investigation, but not in Israel. The person registering a complaint can expect police reprisal in the form of a beating. Besides being denied decent housing and decent employment because I was married to a Sephardic Jewess, I was the target of racial slurs. Several times I was even attacked by Ashkenazi Jews because I had married a Sephardic Jewess. Other American Ashkenazi who had gone to Israel and married Sephardic Jewesses received the same treatment as I. Because Sephardic Jews are victims of the racist practices against them, I had often heard, in Israel, a Sephardic Jew tell a European Ashkenazi Jew, “Hitler didn’t kill enough of you bastards”.
Please read the next paragraph carefully…
I was born in the United States, attended public schools, worked in various parts of the U.S. and served 2 years in the U.S. Army. Not even once was I persecuted or had racist remarks made to me because I was a Jew. It is ironic that once in Israel, the so-called “Paradise for all Jews,” I, A Jew suffered because of racism.
The Zionist controlled news-media in America has kept from the American people the news that Israel is intensely racist. Most Ashkenazi Jews in America are not aware of the racism in Israel. Even those Jews who have visited Israel are not aware because they are carefully kept from witnessing racist incidents.
However, Sephardic Jews in America have spread the truth about the practice of racism against the Sephardic Jews in Israel. Knowing of this, Sephardic Jews have not been among those Jews who migrated to Israel from America.
From what I have written so far, you should now realize that few Jews practice Judaism. Most Jews are atheists or they follow humanism which is anti-God religion. So the portrayal that Jews are a religious people who look to Israel as a fulfillment of biblical prophecy is a myth. Also, the portrayal that Jews are one race of people is a myth. The Sephardic Jew – Ashkenazi Jew division is adequate proof.
RACISM AS PRACTICED IN ISRAEL IS ONE REASON THAT ISRAEL WILL SOONER OR LATER DESTROY ITSELF.
 Communism in Israel
The Zionist controlled news-media in the U.S. has led the American people to believe that Israel is the only barrier holding back communism in the Mideast. This would be humorous if it did not have such serious implications for the United States.
From what I have said so far, you should now realize that Israel is basically a Marxist country mixed with some Nazi-type fascism. A large book could be written about it, but for now I only wish to add:
1) Israel is the only country in the Mideast that allows communist parties to operate — there are three. Ironically, it is the Arab countries which forbid communist parties to operate. (The exception is North Yemen which, through treachery, was taken over by the communists). Some of the Arab countries buy military equipment from communist countries because they can’t get enough from the U.S. to offset the huge amounts the U.S. provides Israel. But, that’s as far as any Arab/Soviet ties go.
2) The Soviet Union allows a good number of Jews to leave if they promise to go to Israel and Israel welcomes these communist oriented Jews. It must be noted that once out of the Soviet Union, many, if not most, Soviet Jews come to the U.S. instead of going to Israel. It must also be noted that hundreds of thousands of Jews have left Israel since its founding; some sources put the number at one million. Some of these Jews have requested to go back to the Soviet Union rather than live in Israel. Life for these Jews is better in Soviet Russia.
3) The latest scientific developments that the U.S. provides Israel is channeled on to the Soviet Union. The main center through which this scientific information passes is Israel’s Weizman Institute in the town of Rehoovot about 40 kilometers south of Tel Aviv.
4) About one-third (1/3) of the knesset belong to one of Israel’s communist, socialist or other Marxist oriented parties.
That should put to rest the lie about Israel being the only barrier against Communism in the Mideast.
In fact, it is the Arab countries that form the barrier that has stopped the spread of communism in the Mideast. Israel is one leg of the New York/Moscow/Tel Aviv Triangle which is behind the communist movement.
 Terrorism and Violence
At the First Zionist Congress which was held in 1897 in Basel, Switzerland, one of the goals set was to create a Jewish state in the land of Palestine. At that time, only a few Jews were living in Palestine and they were nearly all native Sephardic Jews who are blood-related to the Arabs. These Palestinian (Sephardic) Jews and the Palestinian Arabs were living in peace as they had for centuries.
After the Zionist Congress in 1897, European Ashkenazi Jews began migrating to Palestine and buying land wherever they could. Yet, by 1920 Jews owed only 2% of Palestine.
By 1948 when Israel declared itself a state, these invading Jews had increased their land ownership; but, it was still less than 6%.
To accommodate the increasing European Jewish migration, the Jews needed more lands but the Palestinian Arabs refused to sell. So, to get more land from the Palestinians, these communist oriented European (Ashkenazi) Jews resorted to the one thing at which they are adept — TERRORISM.
Their first major act of terrorism against the Palestinians was at the Palestinian village of Deir Yassin. During the night of April 9, 1948, two Zionist terrorist gangs, the Irgun and the Stem Gang attacked and massacred over 250 men, women and children.
Menachem Begin, leader of the attack on Deir Yassin and later Prime Minister of Israel, has this to say, “The massacre was not only justified, but there would not have been a state of Israel without the ‘victory’ at Deir Yassin’.
The massacre at Deir Yassin caused other Palestinians to flee their homes in fear. Zionist terrorists drove trucks with loudspeakers through the streets and over the roads of Palestine warning Palestinians that what happened at Dear Yassin would happen to them if they didn’t leave.
These Zionist terrorists weren’t bluffing: For Example:
* They killed 60 Palestinians at Balad Esh Sheikh.
* They blew up 20 homes in Sa’sa, killing 60 women and children.
* They killed a number of women who were working in Saint Simon monastery in Jerusalem.
* They massacred 250 at Lydda.
* They killed 200, mostly old people, in the village mosque in Ed-Dawayimeh.
* They killed 51 workers as they returned from their fields at Kafr Qasem.
* Christian inhabitants of Kaba Bir’im were expelled from the village and the village destroyed. The village cemetery was desecrated, including the smashing of 73 crosses.
During the few months when these and other acts of terrorism were taking place, 300.000 Palestinian Christians and Moslems were forced to leave their homes or be killed by the terrorist groups which were made up of European, communist oriented Jews. It was these same Marxist oriented Jews who were soon to became the ruling elite of the State of Israel. From the beginning, and to the present, these terrorist Marxist oriented Zionists have ruled Israel.
After Israel declared itself a state on May 14, 1948, Israeli terrorism continued in an effort to push more Palestinians from their homes.
Since 1948, 350 Christian churches and Moslem mosques have been destroyed by these Zionist terrorists.
At this point, I wish to give this warning to all God-believing people in the United States, Christians, Moslems and Jews.
The destruction of religion by the Zionist Jews is well underway in the U.S. In Israel, it has nearly been accomplished.
 Zionist’s ‘Eliminate’ Opposition
To accomplish their goals, the Zionists will let no one stand in their way. During World War II, the Zionist leadership cooperated with the Nazis by delivering lower class Jews to the concentration camps. So, it is not surprising that they sank the ship ‘Patria’ carrying 252 Jewish immigrants who the Zionists feared may oppose Zionism. In another incident, 760 Jewish lives were lost when the Zionists sank the ship ‘Struma’ for the same reason.
Even well-known world figures are not immune to Zionist terrorism and violence. In 1948, in a effort to bring about a peaceful settlement in the Israeli/Palestine area, United Nations sent Count Folke Bemadotte of Sweden to mediate. Count Bemadotte favored a partition of the area a portion of the land for Jews and a portion for Palestinians. This angered the Zionists who wanted all the land. In a brazen show of disregard for diplomacy, justice and common decency, the Zionists ‘eliminated’ Count Bemadotte. He and his driver were assassinated while riding down the streets of Jerusalem. Tens of millions of people have been killed since the Zionist/Bolshevik Jews, backed by the Zionist Oriented Jewish International Bankers took over Russia. In the Mideast, these same Zionist/Bolshevik Jews are using the very same tactic: To route the Arabs from their land they have killed untold thousands of Arabs and rendered hundreds of thousands homeless.
The question arises: How many Arabs will they kill when the Zionist/Bolsheviks gain control over the Mideast and when they gain physical control over America? They already have control of nearly every phase of American life. If the Zionists ever succeed in imposing gun control on the American people, there will be nothing to stop them from complete take over over America.
 Disaster Ahead
Ephraim Sevilla, a Russian Jew, migrated to Israel in 1971. After five years of frustration in Israel, he left as have nearly all other decent Jews. In his book, ‘Farewell Israel’ Sevilla predicted that Israel would only last another 10 years. This he wrote in 1975.
Israel’s existence could drag on past 1985, but I agree with Sevilla that Israel is doomed. Israel’s Marxist/Fascist policies, wars of aggression plus racism has led Israel to the brink of disaster. In anticipation of Israel’s collapse, corrupt Israeli leaders and other Jews in positions of power have already been charged with embezzling large amounts of American taxpayer money given to Israel and Jewish donations and deposited this money in foreign accounts.
It must be kept in mind that because of Israel’s policies, the free countries of the world have turned against Israel and against the U.S. for supporting it. This has hurt Israel and especially the U.S.
If Israel as it now exists simply collapsed and ceased to exist, the world would certainly be better because of it. Unfortunately the New York/Moscow/Tel Aviv Triangle will not allow Israel to die quietly. As the collapse of Israel draws near, one of two courses of action by the New York/Moscow/Tel Aviv Triangle is likely to be taken:
(1) Israel could trigger a large scale Mideast war, a large war which Israel could not win alone. Then the New York leg of the New York/Moscow/Tel Aviv Triangle would use its influence on the U.S. Government to send U.S. military forces to aid Israel.
It isn’t expected that the Moscow leg of the triangle will become militarily involved. Moscow will merely sit back and let the U.S. weaken itself in helping Israel fight the Arabs.
At some point during the war, when the U.S. military is deeply involved and the U.S. citizens demoralized, the Zionist oriented Jewish International Bankers will make their move. Evidence leads to the conclusion that it is these bankers who own the Class A Stock of the U.S. Federal Reserve, America’s central bank. In this position of power, these Zionist bankers, can, and likely will, trigger an economic collapse in America — like they did in 1929 when they caused the stock market crash and started the severe depression of the 1930’s.
Since the money system currently used in the U.S. is not backed by gold, silver or anything of value, the paper dollars and tin coins now in use will be worthless.
In the resulting state of confusion and in an effort to obtain food and other necessities, the American people will accept the ‘New States Constitution’ which has already been written. This will place the American people under the dictates of One-World Government run by the Zionist oriented International Bankers and Zionist/Bolshevik Jews.
Exactly what direction the war in the Mideast will take only the New York/Moscow/Tel Aviv Triangle and God will know.
When it is all over, the main losers will be:
The American people.
The Arab people.
The Sephardic Jews and that portion of Ashkenazi Jews who are for justice and freedom.
The only winners will be:
The Zionist International Bankers and the Zionist Bolshevik (communists/socialist) Jews.
(2) The other likely course of action would be a back-up, if the American taxpayers say, “That’s enough!”
The cost of supporting bankrupt Israel is draining increasing amounts of money from the American taxpayers. At some point, the taxpayers are going to say, “That’s enough!” When that happens, the Moscow leg of the New York/Moscow/Tel Aviv Triangle will move in to fill the void.
To neutralize the United States, the Zionist International Bankers will likely create an economic collapse and throw the U.S. into a state of chaos.
What military action the Soviet Bolshevik Jews and the Israeli Zionist/Bolshevik Jews will take against the Arab countries only the TRIANGLE and God will know. It is likely they will strike into the Arab oil fields first.
Whatever action is taken, one thing is certain — the losers will be:
The American People.
The Arab people.
The Sephardic Jews and that portion of the Ashkenazi Jews who are for justice and freedom.
The only winners will be:
The Zionist International Bankers and the Zionist/Bolshevik (communist/socialist) Jews.
Based on developing military, economic and political actions in both the U.S. and Israel, the two courses of action I have mentioned appear to be the most logical for the New York/Moscow/Tel Aviv Triangle to follow. Whether one of the two develops, or whether a surprise is in store for us, only the Zionist/Bolshevik ‘War Lords’ and God know.
This raises the question: What can we in America do to stop the New York/Moscow/Tel Aviv ‘War Lords.‘
 The Stakes — Freedom or Slavery
In deciding the course of action to be taken to stop the Zionist/Bolshevik ‘War Lords’ two points are the keys and must be restated and emphasized:
(1) One leg of the Zionist/Bolshevik Jews is based in New York City. It was from this base that financial and organizational aid was given to carry out the Bolshevik Revolution in Russia~ This revolution enabled the establishment of the second leg of the Zionist/Communist power, Moscow.
If it were not for the continued support by the New York Zionist/Bolshevik Jews and their nation-wide network, communism would have collapsed long ago. But, the various facets of power held by these Zionists in America, have enabled them to trick the American people into supporting communism.
(2) Communism would not have gotten started and most problems faced by Americans would not have developed if the news-media would have kept the American people informed about the actions of the Zionist/Bolsheviks. However these Zionist/Bolshevik (communist) Jews are clever. Before they began their acts of a subversion in America, they gained control of the major newspapers and especially the news services which supply national and international news to the smaller daily newspapers. Since they controlled, and still control, the major news-media outlets, including radio and television, they have been able to distort or omit the truth about their subversive acts.
 Exposure is the Solution
In 1920 Henry Ford, Sr. wrote, “If the American people ever become aware of the truth about this coterie of Jews, it would be the solution”. What Henry Ford meant was: If the American people ever learned the truth, they would take whatever action necessary to stop this bunch of Zionist/Bolshevik Jews.
Many individuals and groups are in the process of trying to inform the American people about the danger they present to America and to the free world nations, but it is still far too little to be effective. It would be in the interest of nearly every person who is aware, to quietly but energetically help to spread the information to others. People who have an interest would include:
* The average American who wishes to preserve his or her freedom.
* Arab American who wish to remove the thorn of oppression in the Mideast.
* People from the captive nations of Europe who wish to rid their homelands of the Bolshevik scourge.
* Ethiopian Americans and other Afro-Americans who have seen their homelands taken over by these Bolshevik/communists.
* Chinese Americans, Vietnamese Americans, Korean Americans and other Oriental Americans who have felt the heavy hand of communist oppression.
Since each and everyone of these nationalities are fighting the same destructive enemy — the Zionist/Bolshevik (communist/socialist) Jews, it would be more effective if all joined hands in a cooperative effort.
I might add that leading the fight against the Zionist Jews should be the pro-American Jews, like myself, who love America and realize the destruction the New York/Moscow/Tel Aviv has brought to the world.
 A Holy Land State
Since the land now occupied by Israel is rightly referred to as the ‘Holy Land,’ all Christians, Moslems, and anti-Zionist Jews should cooperate in an effort to transform Israel into a demilitarized HOLY LAND STATE under international supervision. Then, from this holy land could come the Word of God instead of torture, war and drugs.
I want to emphasize a key point of this book. It is a waste of time to talk about fighting communism and the problems it has caused; and it is a waste of time to talk about the international problems facing America UNLESS the main cause of those problems has been identified. The cause of course is the Zionist oriented Jewish International Bankers and the Zionist Jews who operate behind a cloak of secrecy.
The Real Issue
A CHALLENGE
THE CONTENTS OF THIS BOOK ARE EXPECTED TO BRING A STRONG REACTION FROM THE ZIONIST JEWS.
I am well aware of the tactics of you, my Zionist brethren, use to quiet anyone who attempts to expose any of your subversive acts.
If the person is a Gentile, you cry, “You’re antisemitic” which is nothing more than a smokescreen to hide your actions.
But, if a Jew is the person doing the exposing, you resort to other tactics.
* First, you ignore the charges, hoping the information will not be given widespread distribution.
* If the information starts reaching too many people, you ridicule the information and the persons giving the information.
* If that doesn’t work, your next step is character assassination. If the author or speaker hasn’t been involved in sufficient scandal you are adept at fabricating scandal against the person or persons.
* If none of these are effective, you are known to resort to physical attacks.
But, NEVER do you try to prove the information wrong.
So, before you start your efforts to quiet me, I OFFER THIS CHALLENGE:
You Zionists assemble a number of Zionist Jews and witnesses to support your position; and I will assemble a like number of anti-Zionist, pro-American Jews and witnesses.
Then, the Zionists and the Anti-Zionists will state their position and debate the material in this book as well as related material — the debate TO BE HELD ON PUBLIC TELEVISION.
Let’s explore the information and let the American people decide for themselves if the information is true or false.
ISN’T THAT A FAIR CHALLENGE?
Certainly, you will willingly accept the challenge if what I have written is false.
But, if you resort to crying, “Lies, all lies “, and refuse to debate the material you will, in effect, be telling the American people that what I have written are the true facts.

Source
Also see The Life of an American Jew in Racist Marxist Israel Part I
David Cole at AuschwitzOctober 7, 2006
 






Television: The Hidden PictureSeptember 12, 2006
Rixon Stewart – 2001
The old line about British television being the best in the world is a debateable one. What is beyond dispute though is the fact that Britons are a nation of TV addicts and with the advent of cable and satellite TV that trend is likely to continue. Whether or not that is a good thing is another matter entirely. For its influence could literally be described as deadening, as a growing amount of scientific evidence would seem to indicate. But don’t expect to hear that from the mainstream media, particularly television; there is simply too much at stake here, politically and economically, for what follows to become more widely known.
According to Daniel Reid, writing in the Tao of Health Sex and Longevity, the rays from a TV flicker erratically, causing uneven and irregular stimulation of the retina. “This choppy stimulus is transferred directly into the brain via the optic nerve, which in turn irritates the hypothalamus. In scientific experiments conducted in the US but ignored by both the government and the television industry, rats exposed to colour TV for six hours a day became hyperactive and extremely aggressive for about a week. Thereafter they suddenly became totally lethargic and stopped breeding entirely.” In effect their endocrine systems had been ‘burnt out;’ equally significant was the fact that during the experiment the TV screens were kept covered in thick black paper so that only the invisible rays came through. Thus the damage was done, not by the visible rays, but by the invisible radiation.
These findings were echoed by Dr H.D. Youmans of the U.S. Bureau of Radiological Health, quoted by Associated Press in 1970: “We found rays escaping from the vacuum tubes to be harder and of higher average energy than we expected. They penetrated the first few inches of the body as deeply as 100-kilowatt diagnostic X-rays. You get a uniform dose to the eyes, testes and bone marrow.”
The same year Dr Robert Elder, director of the BRH, testified before Congress that even very minute doses of radiation, which fall below the legal limit cause damage and that the damage is cumulative.
In fact the evidence is beginning to mount to the point where it can no longer be ignored, unless you happen to watch a lot of TV, in which case you may not have noticed the results of a study by Sally Ward. One of Britain’s leading authority’s on children’s speech development, she completed a ten year study which showed that the background noise in the average two year olds day can delay his or her acquisition of a language by up to a year. Almost invariably the background noise came from television. Amongst other things she found that:
· Children learn to speak from their parents and parents don’t play or talk enough with their children when the TV is on.
· Background noise from TV or radio, confuses infants. In response they learn to ignore all noise and then they ignore speech.
· Children of two years or older should not be exposed to more than two hours of TV a day.
· Children of one year old or younger should not be exposed to television at all..
Sally Ward is currently preparing to focus on television and the way it affects our attention. In particular she will be looking at Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).
“. . . a lot of people think it’s chemical,” she says, but in her view . . . “it’s very peculiar that at the onset of children’s television it got a lot more prevalent, and at the onset of children’s video’s it got a lot more prevalent.”
Her concern is being reiterated in America where child psychologist John Rosemond has stirred some controversy by suggesting that ADHD is environmentally created; a suggestion that is completely at odds with the pharmaceutical industry, which maintains that the disorder is genetically inherited and makes considerable profit as a result.
“Ritalin may work, temporarily,” says Rosemond, “But pharmaceutical intervention won’t change behavioural and motivational problems.” And these he blames on television – “the endlessly changing images, flickering like the attention spans of ADHD children.”
Interestingly, Rosemond began questioning the role of TV after his own son began displaying symptoms of ADHD. In response he got rid of his television and within six weeks the boy’s behaviour was transformed. Today he is a commercial airline pilot, a job which requires some concentration.
Still, there may well be a place for television in modern society: in our prisons. No seriously. At a time when its budget is being cut by over 15% you may ask why the prisons service is spending an estimated £5 million on television sets for a third of its inmates? Why? Well, according to David Roddan, general secretary of the prison governors association: “It’s the best control mechanism you can think of.”
Extracts from The Tao of Health, Sex and Longevity, Simon & Schuster and GET A LIFE! David Burke and Jean Lotus (Bloomsbury ISBN 0-7475-3689-9) 
Native American Indian PropheciesSeptember 5, 2006
Extracts from a talk given by Lee Brown at the 1986 Continental Indigenous Council, Tanana Valley, Fairbanks, Alaska. 
At the beginning of this cycle of time, long ago, the Great Spirit came down and He made an appearance and gathered the peoples of this earth together “they say on an island which is now beneath the water” and He said to the human beings, “I’m going to send you to four directions and over time I’m going to change you to four colors, but I’m going to give you some teachings and you will call these the Original Teachings and when you come back together with each other you will share these so that you can live and have peace on earth, and a great civilization will come about.” And He said “During the cycle of time I’m going to give each of you two stone tablets. When I give you those stone tablets, don’t cast them on the ground. If any of the brothers and sisters of the four directions and the four colors cast their tablets on the ground, not only, will human beings have a hard time, but almost the earth itself will die.”
And so he gave each of us a responsibility and we call that the Guardianship. To the Indian people, the red people, he gave the Guardianship of the earth. We were to learn during this cycle of time the teachings of the earth, the plants that grow from the earth, the foods that you can eat, and the herbs that are healing so that when we came back together with the other brothers and sisters we could share this knowledge with them. Something good was to happen on the earth.
To the South, he gave the yellow race of people the Guardianship of the wind. They were to learn about the sky and breathing and how to take that within ourselves for spiritual advancement. They were to share that with us at this time. To the West He gave the black race of people the Guardianship of the water. They were to learn the teachings of the water which is the chief of the elements, being the most humble and the most powerful. When I went to the University of Washington and I learned that it was a black man that discovered blood plasma, it didn’t surprise me because blood is water and the elders already told me the black people would bring the teachings of the water. To the North He gave the white race of people the Guardianship of the fire. If you look at the center of many of the things they do you will find the fire. They say the light bulb is the white man’s fire. If you look at the center of a car you will find a spark. If look at the center of the airplane and the train you will find the fire. The fire consumes, and also moves. This is why it was the white brothers and sisters who began to move upon the face of the earth and reunite us as a human family…
So we went through this cycle of time and each of the four races went to their directions and they learned their teachings. It was on Newsweek not too long ago that eight out of ten foods that people eat on the earth are developed here in the western hemisphere because that was our Guardianship, to learn the teachings of the earth, and the things that grow from the earth. We were given a sacred handshake to show them when we came back together as bothers and sisters that we still remembered the teachings. It was indicated on the stone tablets that the Hopis had that the first brothers and sisters that would come back to them would come as turtles across the land. They would be human beings, but they would come as turtles. So when the time came close the Hopis were at a special village to welcome the turtles that would come across the land and they got up in the morning and looked out at the sunrise. They looked out across the desert and they saw the Spanish Conquistadors coming, covered in armour, like turtles across the land. So this was them. So they went out to the Spanish man and they extended their hand hoping for the handshake but into the hand the Spanish man dropped a trinket. And so word spread through North America that there was going to be a hard time, that maybe some of the brothers and sisters had forgotten the sacredness of all things and all the human beings were going to suffer for this on the earth.
So tribes began to send people to the mounds to have missions to try and figure out how they could survive. At that time there were cities built on great mounds in the Mississippi, called the mound civilization. Those mounds are still there. If you ever go out to Ohio or the Mississippi Valley, they’re tourist attractions now. There were thousands of cities of Native people and they were wondering how they could survive. They began to try to learn to live off the land because they knew a hard time was going to come. They began to send people to have visions to see how we could survive this time…And they were told in the prophecies that we should try to remind all the people that would come here of the sacredness of all things. If we could do that, then there would be peace on earth. But if we did not do that, when the roads went clear from east to west, and when other races and colors of the Earth had walked clear across this land, if by that time we could not come together as a human family, the Great Spirit would grab the earth with his hand and shake it….
…The elders that were made aware of these prophecies said they would begin to build a black ribbon. And on this black ribbon there would move a bug. And when you see bug moving on the land, that was the sign for the First Shaking of the Earth. The First Shaking of the Earth would be so violent that this bug would be shaken off the earth into the air and it would begin to move and fly in the air. And by the end of this shaking this bug will be in the air around the world. Behind it would be a trail of dirt and eventually the whole sky of the entire earth would become dirty from these trails of dirt, and this would cause many diseases that would become more and more complicated. So in 1908 the Model T Ford was mass-produced for the first time. So the elders knew the First Shaking of the Earth was about to come about, that’s the First World War. In the First World War the airplane came into wide usage for the first time. That was the bug moving onto the sky.
…So they knew things would happen. Things would speed up a little bit. There would be cobweb built around the earth, and people would talk across this cobweb. When this talking cobweb, the telephone, was built around the earth, a sign of life would appear in the east, but it would tilt and bring death. It would come with the sun. But the sun itself would rise one day not in the east but in the west. So the elders said when you see the sun rising in the east and you see the sign of life reversed and tilted in the east, you know that the Great Death is to come upon the earth, and now the Great Spirit will grab the again in His hand and shake it and this shaking will be much worse than the first. So the sign of life reversed and tilted, we call that the Swastika, and the rising sun in the east was the rising sun of Japan. These two symbols are carved in stone in Arizona. When the elders saw these two flags, these were the signs that the earth was to be shaken again.
The worse misuse of the Guardianship of the fire is called the “gourd of ashes. “They said the gourd of ashes would fall from the air. It will make people like blades of grass in the prairie fire and things will not grow for many seasons. I saw on television not too long ago that they were talking about the atomic bomb, the gourd of ashes. They said it was the best-kept secret in the history of the United States, the elders wanted to speak about it in 1920. They would have spoken of it and foretold its coming if they could have entered into the League of Nations. The elders tried to contact President Roosevelt and ask him not to use the gourd of ashes. Because it would have a great effect on the earth and eventually cause even greater destruction and a Third Shaking of the Earth, the Third World War. I’ll get to that in a few minutes.
So they knew after the Second Shaking of the Earth when they saw the gourd of ashes fall from the sky that there would be another attempt to make peace on the other side of this land. And because the peace attempt on the west coast had failed, they would build a special house on the east coast of this Turtle Island, and all the nations and peoples of this earth would come to this house and it would be called the House of Mica and it would shine like mica in the desert sun. So the elders began to see that they were building the United Nations made out of glass that reflects like mica in the desert sun so they knew this was the House of Mica and all the peoples of the earth should go into it.
In the 1920’s they had written and not been responded to, so now they said we better go to the front door otherwise things might get a lot worse. So the elders representing a number of tribes drove to New York City. When the United Nations opened they went to the front door of the House of Mica and they said these words: “We represent the indigenous people of North America and we wish to address the nations of the Earth. We’re going to give you four days to consider whether or not we will be allowed to speak.”
They retreated to one of the Six Nations Reserves in New York State…Four days later they came back and I believe the nations of the earth heard the Indians had come to the door. And they voted to let the Indians in. But the United States is one of the five nations with a veto power and still they were concerned because at this time Native sovereignty was even stronger. And I believe they vetoed the entrance of the Native people.
So then they knew other things would happen to the Earth, and the United Nations would not bring peace but that there would be continuing and deepening confusion. And that the little wars would get worse…So they said, “We’re going to divide the United States into four sections and each year we’re going to have a gathering. We’re going to call these the ‘White’ or ‘Peace Gatherings.’ They began to have these around 1950. And they authorized certain men to speak in English for the first time. One that I used to listen to many times, over and over, was Thomas Benyaka. He is a Hopi man. I believe he is still living. He was authorized to speak about what was on the stone tablets and he has dedicated his life to doing this. And they began to tell the gatherings; they said, “In your lifetime you’re going to see many things happen”…It was strange when they said that in the 1950’s and 1960’s but now it seems very clear. But then it was unusual. They said, “You’re are going to see a time in your life when men are going to become women. The Great Spirit is going to make a man on the earth. He made him a man but this man is going to say, “I know more than the Great Spirit. I’m going to change myself to be a woman.” And they will even nurse children. The Great Spirit is going to make a woman on the earth. She’s going to say, “I know more than the Great Spirit. I want to be a man.” And she will be physically a man. This sounded strange then. And maybe in a vision they saw Boy-George.
They said “You’re going to see a time in your lifetime when the human beings are going to find the blueprint that makes us. “They call that now, DNA, deoxyribonucleic acid. They said, “They are going to cut this blueprint.” They call that now genetic splicing. And they said, “They are going to make new animals upon the earth, and they’re going to think that these are going to help us. And it’s going to seem like they do help us. But maybe the grandchildren and great grandchildren are going to suffer.”
I don’t know if you heard on the news last night in the United States they have genetically spliced a new germ, never before released in the environment. They want to release this germ into the cotton fields of the south because the say it will strengthen and rejuvenate the cotton. They had scientists on the CBS Evening News the other night talking about it. One scientist said what the elders said in the 1950’s, that this would not harm us. We’ve put it in a lot of tests. And the other scientist said what the elders also said, no, this has never been before in the environment. We have no idea what it will do. The elders spoke of it long ago. They said it would seem harmless, but it may be able to hurt the great-grandchildren. The elders said long ago, “They will release these things, they will use them.” This is going to be released not too long from now, they are making new animals. The elders talked about this. They said, “You will see new animals, and even old animals will come back, animals that people thought had disappeared. They will find them here and there. They’ll begin to reappear.”
They said, “You’re going to see a time when the eagle will fly it’s highest in the night and it will land upon the moon.” And at that time, they say, “Many of the Native people will be sleeping,” which symbolically means they will have lost their teachings… “When the eagle flies at its highest in the night, that will be the first light of a new day. That will be the first thawing of spring.” Of course, at the first light of a new day, if you’ve stayed up all night, you notice it’s really dark. And the first light, you want to see it, but you can’t. It sneaks up on you. You want to see it change but it’s dark and then pretty soon it’s getting light before you know it. We’re at that time now. The eagle has landed on the moon, 1969. When that spaceship landed they sent back the message, “The eagle has landed.”
…We’re in that time now. We’re between the first light of a new day and sunrise. The sunrise is about to come and when it comes up everyone is going to see it. But you know how it is in the village, there are a few people that get up early, and there are some that sleep till noon.
I’m probably one of those that sleeps until noon.
…At this time you’re going to see that things will speed up, that people on the earth will move faster and faster. Grandchildren will not have time for their grandparents. Parents will not have time for their children. It will seem like time is going faster and faster. The elders advised us that as things speed up, you yourself should slow down. The faster things go, the slower you go. Because there’s going to come a time when the earth will be shaken a third time. The Great Spirit has been shaking the earth two times: the First and Second World Wars to remind us that we should have greeted each other as brothers and sisters. We had a chance after each shaking to come together in a circle that would have brought peace on earth, but we missed that.
Tonight they were talking on the news about the sign for the Third Shaking of the Earth. I heard it while I was sitting in the airport after I missed my plane. They said they’re going to build what the elders called the “house in the sky.” In the 1950’s they talked about this: they will build a house and throw it in the sky. When you see people living in the sky on a permanent basis, you will know the Great Spirit is about to grab the earth, this time not with one hand, but with both his hands. Many of you of Native background may have heard “the spirits will warn you twice, but the third time you stand alone.” We’ve had two warnings, the first two World Wars, but now we stand-alone before the third one. As it says in the Baha’s Writings, there will be no one protected. When this house is in the sky, the Great Spirit is going to shake the Earth a third time and whoever dropped the gourd of ashes; upon them it is going to drop.
They say at that time there will be villages in this land so great that when you stand in the villages you will not be able to see out, and in the prophecies these are called “village of stone”, or “prairies of stone”. And they say the stone will grow up from the ground and you will not be able to see beyond the village. At the center of each and every one of these villages will be a Native people, and they will walk as “hollow shells” upon a “prairie of stone”. They said “hollow shells”, which means they will they will have lost their traditional understandings; they will be empty within. They said after the Eagle lands on the moon some of these people would begin to leave these “prairies of stone” and come home and take up some of the old ways and to begin to make themselves reborn, because it’s a new day. But many will not. And they said there’s going to come a time when in the morning the sun is going to rise and this village of stone will be there, and in the evening there would just be steam coming from the ground. And in the center of many of these villages of stone when they turn to steam, the Native people will turn to steam also because they never woke up and left the village. And this used to bother me when I was a young man. I used to ask the elders, “Isn’t there anything we can do?” And they said, well, it’s just that way that if a person does not have the spiritual eyes to see, it’s very hard to show them. Or if they don’t have the ears to hear, it’s very hard to speak with them. We wish we could go get them all but we can’t. It’s just that some are not going to wake up. But some will wake up.
And so they say there’s going to be a Third Shaking of the Earth. It’s not going to be a good thing to see but we will survive it. We will survive it.
…A lot of times when I share this message of the prophecies, people say, and “Can’t we change it? Could we stop it?” The answer is yes. The prophecies are always “either/or”. We could have come together way back there in 1565, and we could have a great civilization, but we didn’t. Always along the path of these prophecies, we could have come together. We still could. If we could stop this racial and religious disharmony, we would not have to go through this third shaking. The elders say the chance of that is pretty slim. It seems to me like it’s pretty slim too. But what we can do is we can “cushion” it. The word we use is “cushion. “We can cushion it so it won’t be quite as bad. How can we do this? We can do this by sharing the teaching that will reunite us.
When I first heard about these prophecies, none of this made any sense. Now most of it has come to pass. Last night I heard on the news, they said the “house in the sky” would be put up in 1996. It was going to be put up some time sooner, but its been postponed for four years. Maybe it will be postponed again. But in not too long it’s going to go up. The earth as we know it is going to change.
You know, one time the scientists came to the Hopis and they said, “We want to take a piece of the stone tablets.” They said, “We want to take the stone tablets to a scientific laboratory to determine how old they are. The Hopis said, “We know how old they are. “Well the scientists said, “We want to confirm it. “So the Hopis let them take a little piece, and they tested it by the carbon dating method. They found these tablets were at least 10,000 years old, maybe 50,000. So when I say, “Thousands of years ago, there were Native people that spoke of these things,” that’s exactly what I mean. They told their children and thousands of years ago, their children grew up and told their children, and then their children grew up and told their children. And they spoke about the people that will live in this time.
And now it is us. We are the ones they spoke of long ago. They say to be alive; to come into creation and to live upon the earth at this time is a great honor.
In the cycle of time, from the beginning to the end, this time we are in now will change the purification of all things. They say this is the hardest time to live, but it is also the greatest honor to be alive and see this.
…We are now within the purification of all things. Non-Natives call this the “Apocalypse”. The Native call this the “Purification”. I want to share one Non Native prophecy with you. There was a seer in Europe whose name was Nostradamus. I’m sure many of you have heard of him. He foresaw three Great Shakings of the Earth. He said the Third Great Shaking would begin when Lesser Arabia and Persia engage in a war. Five years ago …Iraq attacked Iran. Lesser Arabia is today called Iraq. Persia is called Iran. These two prophecies coincide. Both the Native elders and Nostradamus said this will start slowly, almost unnoticed by the people of the earth, but eventually it will involve us all. Eventually the “gourd of ashes” will fall from the sky so …the Mississippi River, will boil from the heat of the “gourd of ashes” that will fall on this land. But don’t despair. It sounds terrible, but we will survive it. We will live through it. I don’t think there’s anyone chosen to live through it, but some people will.
So, in closing I would like to call on each and every person, regardless of who you are, young or old, Native or non-Native, to arise now, and to awake, to embrace this time, to learn everything you can about the Teachings and the Writings, to arise awake and go forth…Peoples everywhere are now receptive to the Message…There’s people out there waiting to hear, waiting to hear…
Have You Read the Talmud Lately?September 3, 2006
By Rev. Ted Pike – Truthtellers.org 
In my last e-alert, I was the bearer of bad news: Deep within Judaism’s most sacred rabbinic writings, the Talmud and Zohar (Kabbalah), there exists the obligation to overthrow existing Gentile and Christian society and establish a “new Jewish order.” Such Judaic teaching powerfully diminishes the value of Gentile lives, particularly today in Israel’s occupied territories and Lebanon.
 I was consequently vilified by a number of readers. One asked, “Where do you get this trash?” He said that if he needed to know the dark side of Judaism, he’d rather do it from Mein Kampf!
 The truth is that, with the possible exception of some secular Jewish congregations, every synagogue in the world contains the Talmud and Zohar. It’s from these works that my assertions came. They are the two most important sources of inspired literature for observant Jews, greatly surpassing the Bible. The Talmud however, is the most universally read and applied.
 Herman Wouk, Orthodox Jew and famed author of The Cain Mutiny, affirms, “The Talmud is to this day the circulating heart’s blood of the Jewish religion. Whatever laws, customs, ceremonies we observe—whether we are Orthodox, Conservative, Reform or merely spasmodic sentimentalists—we follow the Talmud. It is our common law.” 1
 One would think that religious literature so centrally important to one of the world’s great religions would be easily located in local libraries. It is certainly easy to find the Bible or Koran.
 Not so the Talmud. While the very largest municipal libraries in a state may possess the Talmud and Zohar, they are almost always absent elsewhere, except in synagogues. In almost every synagogue in the world, the Talmud and Zohar loom above every other piece of literature in authority and appreciation.
 Why are library shelves vacant of the Talmud and Zohar? Quite simply, it’s because Judaism teaches that the law they contain was given to Jews alone and it’s wrong for Gentiles to read that law. The Talmud says, “The goy who pries into the law is worthy of death.” 2
 The Jewish Encyclopedia tells us, “Hence the Talmud prohibited the teaching to a Gentile of the Torah [Talmud and Zohar] “the inheritance of the congregation of Jacob…” R. Johanan says of one so teaching, “Such a person deserves death.”—Sanh. 59a, Hagigah.” 3
 Accordingly, Jewish leaders make it clear to Christian seminaries and scholars that they will not tolerate published research into the Talmud’s real teachings about Christ, Christianity, and Gentiles. Christian academics obey, terrified of being smeared as “anti-Semites.”
 In the early ’80s, as part of research for my book, Israel: Our Duty, Our Dilemma, I visited the Judaic section of the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C. to study various versions of the Zohar, or Kabbalah.
 On my first visit, I asked the Jewish librarian where to find the Soncino English translation. He became disturbed and replied, “I don’t think you want to read that. You might misunderstand it.” I couldn’t believe my ears. I’m afraid I showed my anger. He relented.
 Since publication of my book in 1984 and release of my first video documentary on this subject, “The Other Israel,” many people, confronted with the dark side of Judaic ethics, have rejected my message outright. Their reasoning is simple and direct: “What Pike says can’t be true because our Christian leaders and national media have never given us a hint of confirmation for what he says.” A smaller number contend that I quoted out of context or, even worse, forged documents. They think I faked the Xerox copies of the Talmud and Zohar in the appendix of my book, to create the illusion of a Judaic conspiracy.
 Such skepticism has been flying at me via email this week. I will therefore conclude by reproducing a few pages from the Talmud and Zohar, displaying the antipathy of the Talmud and Zohar toward Gentiles.
 Where do I get this stuff? See you at the Library of Congress!
 Endnotes:
1 From a Nov. 19, 1959 installment of This is my God, serialized in The New York Herald-Tribune under “The Talmud: The Heart’s Blood of the Jewish Faith.”
2 Abodah Zarah 26b, Tosephoth. Although this inflammatory dictum was omitted from the Soncino translation of the Talmud, the Jewish Encyclopedia in its article on “Gentiles,” p. 617, confirms its existence in the original.
3 Jewish Encyclopedia, “Gentiles,” p. 623
 Source
The Doors of Perception and the Language of SpinSeptember 2, 2006
Tim O’Shea
Aldous Huxley’s inspired 1956 essay detailed the vivid, mind-expanding, multisensory insights of his mescaline adventures. By altering his brain chemistry with natural psychotropics, Huxley tapped into a rich and fluid world of shimmering, indescribable beauty and power. With his neurosensory input thus triggered, Huxley was able to enter that parallel universe described by every mystic and space captain in recorded history. Whether by hallucination or epiphany, Huxley sought to remove all controls, all filters, all cultural conditioning from his perceptions and to confront Nature or the World or Reality first-hand – in its unpasteurized, unedited, unretouched, infinite rawness.
Those bonds are much harder to break today, half a century later. We are the most conditioned, programmed beings the world has ever known. Not only are our thoughts and attitudes continually being shaped and molded; our very awareness of the whole design seems like it is being subtly and inexorably erased. The doors of our perception are carefully and precisely regulated. Who cares, right?
It is an exhausting and endless task to keep explaining to people how most issues of conventional wisdom are scientifically implanted in the public consciousness by a thousand media clips per day. In an effort to save time, I would like to provide just a little background on the handling of information in this country. Once the basic principles are illustrated about how our current system of media control arose historically, the reader might be more apt to question any given popular opinion.
If everybody believes something, it’s probably wrong. We call that Conventional Wisdom.
In America, conventional wisdom that has mass acceptance is usually contrived: somebody paid for it.
Examples:
* Pharmaceuticals restore health * Vaccination brings immunity * The cure for cancer is just around the corner * Menopause is a disease condition * When a child is sick, he needs immediate antibiotics * When a child has a fever he needs Tylenol * Hospitals are safe and clean. * America has the best health care in the world. * Americans have the best health in the world. * Milk is a good source of calcium. * You never outgrow your need for milk. * Vitamin C is ascorbic acid. * Aspirin prevents heart attacks. * Heart drugs improve the heart. * Back and neck pain are the only reasons for spinal adjustment. * No child can get into school without being vaccinated. * The FDA thoroughly tests all drugs before they go on the market. * Back and neck pain are the only reason for spinal adjustment. * Pregnancy is a serious medical condition * Chemotherapy and radiation are effective cures for cancer * When your child is diagnosed with an ear infection, antibiotics should be given * immediately ‘just in case’ * Ear tubes are for the good of the child. * Estrogen drugs prevent osteoporosis after menopause. * Pediatricians are the most highly trained of all medical specialists. * The purpose of the health care industry is health. * HIV is the cause of AIDS. * AZT is the cure. * Without vaccines, infectious diseases will return * Fluoride in the city water protects your teeth * Flu shots prevent the flu. * Vaccines are thoroughly tested before being placed on the Mandated Schedule. * Doctors are certain that the benefits of vaccines far outweigh any possible risks. * There is a power shortage in California. * There is a meningitis epidemic in California. * The NASDAQ is a natural market controlled only by supply and demand. * Chronic pain is a natural consequence of aging. * Soy is your healthiest source of protein. * Insulin shots cure diabetes. * After we take out your gall bladder you can eat anything you want * Allergy medicine will cure allergies.
This is a list of illusions, that have cost billions and billions to conjure up. Did you ever wonder why you never see the President speaking publicly unless he is reading? Or why most people in this country think generally the same about most of the above issues?
HOW THIS WHOLE SET-UP GOT STARTED
In “Trust Us We’re Experts,” Stauber and Rampton pull together some compelling data describing the science of creating public opinion in America. They trace modern public influence back to the early part of the last century, highlighting the work of guys like Edward L. Bernays, the Father of Spin. From his own amazing chronicle Propaganda, we learn how Edward L. Bernays took the ideas of his famous uncle Sigmund Freud himself and applied them to the emerging science of mass persuasion. The only difference was that instead of using these principles to uncover hidden themes in the human unconscious, the way Freudian psychology does, Bernays used these same ideas to mask agendas and to create illusions that deceive and misrepresent, for marketing purposes.
 THE FATHER OF SPIN
Bernays dominated the PR industry until the 1940s, and was a significant force for another 40 years after that. (Tye) During all that time, Bernays took on hundreds of diverse assignments to create a public perception about some idea or product. A few examples: As a neophyte with the Committee on Public Information, one of Bernays’ first assignments was to help sell the First World War to the American public with the idea to “Make the World Safe for Democracy.” (Ewen)
A few years later, Bernays set up a stunt to popularize the notion of women smoking cigarettes. In organizing the 1929 Easter Parade in New York City, Bernays showed himself as a force to be reckoned with. He organized the Torches of Liberty Brigade in which suffragettes marched in the parade smoking cigarettes as a mark of women’s liberation. Such publicity followed from that one event that from then on women have felt secure about destroying their own lungs in public, the same way that men have always done.
Bernays popularized the idea of bacon for breakfast. Not one to turn down a challenge, he set up the advertising format along with the AMA that lasted for nearly 50 years proving that cigarettes are beneficial to health. Just look at ads in issues of Life or Time from the 40s and 50s.
During the next several decades Bernays and his colleagues evolved the principles by which masses of people could be generally swayed through messages repeated over and over hundreds of times. Once the value of media became apparent, other countries of the world tried to follow our lead. But Bernays really was the gold standard. Josef Goebbels, who was Hitler’s minister of propaganda, studied the principles of Edward Bernays when Goebbels was developing the popular rationale he would use to convince the Germans that they had to purify their race. (Stauber)
 SMOKE AND MIRRORS
Bernay’s job was to reframe an issue; to create a desired image that would put a particular product or concept in a desirable light. Bernays described the public as a ‘herd that needed to be led.’ And this herdlike thinking makes people “susceptible to leadership.” Bernays never deviated from his fundamental axiom to “control the masses without their knowing it.” The best PR happens with the people unaware that they are being manipulated.
Stauber describes Bernays’ rationale like this: “the scientific manipulation of public opinion was necessary to overcome chaos and conflict in a democratic society.” Trust Us p 42
These early mass persuaders postured themselves as performing a moral service for humanity in general – democracy was too good for people; they needed to be told what to think, because they were incapable of rational thought by themselves. Here’s a paragraph from Bernays’ Propaganda: “Those who manipulate the unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country. We are governed, our minds molded, our tastes formed, our ideas suggested largely by men we have never heard of. This is a logical result of the way in which our democratic society is organized. Vast numbers of human beings must cooperate in this manner if they are to live together as a smoothly functioning society. In almost every act of our lives whether in the sphere of politics or business in our social conduct or our ethical thinking, we are dominated by the relatively small number of persons who understand the mental processes and social patterns of the masses. It is they who pull the wires that control the public mind.”
A tad different from Thomas Jefferson’s view on the subject:
“I know of no safe depository of the ultimate power of the society but the people themselves; and if we think them not enlightened enough to exercise that control with a wholesome discretion, the remedy is not take it from them, but to inform their discretion.”
Inform their discretion. Bernays believed that only a few possessed the necessary insight into the Big Picture to be entrusted with this sacred task. And luckily, he saw himself as one of that few.
 HERE COMES THE MONEY
Once the possibilities of applying Freudian psychology to mass media were glimpsed, Bernays soon had more corporate clients than he could handle. Global corporations fell all over themselves courting the new Image Makers. There were dozens of goods and services and ideas to be sold to a susceptible public. Over the years, these players have had the money to make their images happen. A few examples:
Philip Morris, Pfizer, Union Carbide, Allstate, Monsanto, Eli Lilly, tobacco industry, Ciba Geigy, lead industry, Coors, DuPont, Chlorox, Shell Oil, Standard Oil, Procter & Gamble, Boeing, General Motors, Dow Chemical, General Mills, Goodyear.
 THE PLAYERS
Dozens of PR firms have emerged to answer that demand. Among them:
Burson-Marsteller, Edelman, Hill & Knowlton, Kamer-Singer, Ketchum, Mongovin, Biscoe, and Duchin BSMG, Buder-Finn.
Though world-famous within the PR industry, these are names we don’t know, and for good reason. The best PR goes unnoticed. For decades they have created the opinions that most of us were raised with, on virtually any issue which has the remotest commercial value, including:- pharmaceutical drugs, vaccines, medicine as a profession, alternative medicine, fluoridation of city water, chlorine, household cleaning products, tobacco, dioxin, global warming, leaded gasoline, cancer research and treatment, pollution of the oceans forests and lumber, images of celebrities, including damage control, crisis and disaster management, genetically modified foods, aspartame, food additives; processed foods, dental amalgams.
 LESSON #1
Bernays learned early on that the most effective way to create credibility for a product or an image was by “independent third-party” endorsement. For example, if General Motors were to come out and say that global warming is a hoax thought up by some liberal tree-huggers, people would suspect GM’s motives, since GM’s fortune is made by selling automobiles. If however some independent research institute with a very credible sounding name like the Global Climate Coalition comes out with a scientific report that says global warming is really a fiction, people begin to get confused and to have doubts about the original issue.
So that’s exactly what Bernays did. With a policy inspired by genius, he set up “more institutes and foundations than Rockefeller and Carnegie combined.” (Stauber p 45) Quietly financed by the industries whose products were being evaluated, these “independent” research agencies would churn out “scientific” studies and press materials that could create any image their handlers wanted. Such front groups are given high-sounding names like:
Temperature Research Foundation, International Food Information Council, Consumer Alert, The Advancement of Sound Science Coalition, Air Hygiene Foundation, Industrial Health Federation, International Food Information Council, Manhattan Institute, Center for Produce Quality, Tobacco Institute Research Council, Cato Institute, American Council on Science and Health, Global Climate Coalition, Alliance for Better Foods
Sound pretty legit don’t they?
 CANNED NEWS RELEASES
As Stauber explains, these organizations and hundreds of others like them are front groups whose sole mission is to advance the image of the global corporations who fund them, like those listed previously. This is accomplished in part by an endless stream of ‘press releases’ announcing “breakthrough” research to every radio station and newspaper in the country. (Robbins) Many of these canned reports read like straight news, and indeed are purposely molded in the news format. This saves journalists the trouble of researching the subjects on their own, especially on topics about which they know very little. Entire sections of the release or in the case of video news releases, the whole thing can be just lifted intact, with no editing, given the byline of the reporter or newspaper or TV station – and voilá! Instant news – copy and paste. Written by corporate PR firms.
Does this really happen? Every single day, since the 1920s when the idea of the News Release was first invented by Ivy Lee. (Stauber, p 22) Sometimes as many as half the stories appearing in an issue of the Wall St. Journal are based solely on such PR press releases.. (22) These types of stories are mixed right in with legitimately researched stories. Unless you have done the research yourself, you won’t be able to tell the difference.
 THE LANGUAGE OF SPIN
As 1920s spin pioneers like Ivy Lee and Edward Bernays gained more experience, they began to formulate rules and guidelines for creating public opinion. They learned quickly that mob psychology must focus on emotion, not facts. Since the mob is incapable of rational thought, motivation must be based not on logic but on presentation. Here are some of the axioms of the new science of PR:
* technology is a religion unto itself * if people are incapable of rational thought, real democracy is dangerous * important decisions should be left to experts * when reframing issues, stay away from substance; create images * never state a clearly demonstrable lie.
Words are very carefully chosen for their emotional impact. Here’s an example. A front group called the International Food Information Council handles the public’s natural aversion to genetically modified foods. Trigger words are repeated all through the text. Now in the case of GM foods, the public is instinctively afraid of these experimental new creations which have suddenly popped up on our grocery shelves which are said to have DNA alterations. The IFIC wants to reassure the public of the safety of GM foods, so it avoids words like:
Frankenfoods, Hitler, biotech, chemical, DNA, experiments, manipulate, money, safety, scientists, radiation roulette, gene-splicing, gene, gun, random.
Instead, good PR for GM foods contains words like:
Hybrids, natural, order, beauty, choice, bounty, cross-breeding, diversity, earth, farmer, organic, wholesome.
It’s basic Freudian/Tony Robbins word association. The fact that GM foods are not hybrids that have been subjected to the slow and careful scientific methods of real cross-breeding doesn’t really matter. This is pseudoscience, not science. Form is everything and substance just a passing myth. (Trevanian)
Who do you think funds the International Food Information Council? Take a wild guess. Right – Monsanto, DuPont, Frito-Lay, Coca Cola, Nutrasweet – those in a position to make fortunes from GM foods. (Stauber p 20)
 CHARACTERISTICS OF GOOD PROPAGANDA
As the science of mass control evolved, PR firms developed further guidelines for effective copy. Here are some of the gems:
– dehumanize the attacked party by labeling and name calling
– speak in glittering generalities using emotionally positive words
– when covering something up, don’t use plain English; stall for time; distract
– get endorsements from celebrities, churches, sports figures, street people…anyone who has no expertise in
the subject at hand
– the ‘plain folks’ ruse: us billionaires are just like you
– when minimizing outrage, don’t say anything memorable
– when minimizing outrage, point out the benefits of what just happened
– when minimizing outrage, avoid moral issues
Keep this list. Start watching for these techniques. Not hard to find – look at today’s paper or tonight’s TV news. See what they’re doing; these guys are good!
 SCIENCE FOR HIRE
PR firms have become very sophisticated in the preparation of news releases. They have learned how to attach the names of famous scientists to research that those scientists have not even looked at. (Stauber, p 201) This is a common occurrence. In this way the editors of newspapers and TV news shows are often not even aware that an individual release is a total PR fabrication. Or at least they have “deniability,” right?
Stauber tells the amazing story of how leaded gas came into the picture. In 1922, General Motors discovered that adding lead to gasoline gave cars more horsepower. When there was some concern about safety, GM paid the Bureau of Mines to do some fake “testing” and publish spurious research that ‘proved’ that inhalation of lead was harmless. Enter Charles Kettering.
Founder of the world famous Sloan-Kettering Memorial Institute for medical research, Charles Kettering also happened to be an executive with General Motors. By some strange coincidence, we soon have the Sloan Kettering institute issuing reports stating that lead occurs naturally in the body and that the body has a way of eliminating low level exposure. Through its association with The Industrial Hygiene Foundation and PR giant Hill & Knowlton, Sloane Kettering opposed all anti-lead research for years. (Stauber p 92). Without organized scientific opposition, for the next 60 years more and more gasoline became leaded, until by the 1970s, 90% or our gasoline was leaded.
Finally it became too obvious to hide that lead was a major carcinogen, and leaded gas was phased out in the late 1980s. But during those 60 years, it is estimated that some 30 million tons of lead were released in vapor form onto American streets and highways. 30 million tons.
That is PR, my friends.
 JUNK SCIENCE
In 1993 a guy named Peter Huber wrote a new book and coined a new term. The book was Galileo’s Revenge and the term was junk science. Huber’s shallow thesis was that real science supports technology, industry, and progress. Anything else was suddenly junk science. Not surprisingly, Stauber explains how Huber’s book was supported by the industry-backed Manhattan Institute.
Huber’s book was generally dismissed not only because it was so poorly written, but because it failed to realize one fact: true scientific research begins with no conclusions. Real scientists are seeking the truth because they do not yet know what the truth is.
True scientific method goes like this:
1. form a hypothesis
2. make predictions for that hypothesis
3. test the predictions
4. reject or revise the hypothesis based on the research findings
Boston University scientist Dr. David Ozonoff explains that ideas in science are themselves like “living organisms, that must be nourished, supported, and cultivated with resources for making them grow and flourish.” (Stauber p 205) Great ideas that don’t get this financial support because the commercial angles are not immediately obvious – these ideas wither and die.
Another way you can often distinguish real science from phony is that real science points out flaws in its own research. Phony science pretends there were no flaws.
 THE REAL JUNK SCIENCE
Contrast this with modern PR and its constant pretensions to sound science. Corporate sponsored research, whether it’s in the area of drugs, GM foods, or chemistry begins with predetermined conclusions. It is the job of the scientists then to prove that these conclusions are true, because of the economic upside that proof will bring to the industries paying for that research. This invidious approach to science has shifted the entire focus of research in America during the past 50 years, as any true scientist is likely to admit.
Stauber documents the increasing amount of corporate sponsorship of university research. (206) This has nothing to do with the pursuit of knowledge. Scientists lament that research has become just another commodity, something bought and sold. (Crossen)
 THE TWO MAIN TARGETS OF “SOUND SCIENCE”
It is shocking when Stauber shows how the vast majority of corporate PR today opposes any research that seeks to protect: Public Health and The Environment
It’s a funny thing that most of the time when we see the phrase “junk science,” it is in a context of defending something that may threaten either the environment or our health. This makes sense when one realizes that money changes hands only by selling the illusion of health and the illusion of environmental protection. True public health and real preservation of the earth’s environment have very low market value.
Stauber thinks it ironic that industry’s self-proclaimed debunkers of junk science are usually non-scientists themselves. (255) Here again they can do this because the issue is not science, but the creation of images.
 THE LANGUAGE OF ATTACK
When PR firms attack legitimate environmental groups and alternative medicine people, they again use special words that will carry an emotional punch:
Outraged, sound science, junk science, sensible, scaremongering, responsible, phobia, hoax, alarmist, hysteria.
The next time you are reading a newspaper article about an environmental or health issue, note how the author shows bias by using the above terms. This is the result of very specialized training.
Another standard PR tactic is to use the rhetoric of the environmentalists themselves to defend a dangerous and untested product that poses an actual threat to the environment. This we see constantly in the PR smokescreen that surrounds genetically modified foods. They talk about how GM foods are necessary to grow more food and to end world hunger, when the reality is that GM foods actually have lower yields per acre than natural crops. (Stauber p 173) The grand design sort of comes into focus once you realize that almost all GM foods have been created by the sellers of herbicides and pesticides so that those plants can withstand greater amounts of herbicides and pesticides. (The Magic Bean)
 THE MIRAGE OF PEER REVIEW
Publish or perish is the classic dilemma of every research scientist. That means whoever expects funding for the next research project had better get the current research paper published in the best scientific journals. And we all know that the best scientific journals, like JAMA, New England Journal, British Medical Journal, etc. are peer-reviewed. Peer review means that any articles which actually get published, between all those full color drug ads and pharmaceutical centerfolds, have been reviewed and accepted by some really smart guys with a lot of credentials. The assumption is, if the article made it past peer review, the data and the conclusions of the research study have been thoroughly checked out and bear some resemblance to physical reality.
But there are a few problems with this hot little set up. First off, money. Even though prestigious venerable medical journals pretend to be so objective and scientific and incorruptible, the reality is that they face the same type of being called to account that all glossy magazines must confront: don’t antagonize your advertisers. Those full-page drug ads in the best journals cost millions, Jack. How long will a pharmaceutical company pay for ad space in a magazine that prints some very sound scientific research paper that attacks the safety of the drug in the centerfold? Think about it. The editors aren’t that stupid.
Another problem is the conflict of interest thing. There’s a formal requirement for all medical journals that any financial ties between an author and a product manufacturer be disclosed in the article. In practice, it never happens. A study done in 1997 of 142 medical journals did not find even one such disclosure. (Wall St. Journal, 2 Feb 99)
A 1998 study from the New England Journal of Medicine found that 96% of peer reviewed articles had financial ties to the drug they were studying. (Stelfox, 1998) Big shock, huh? Any disclosures? Yeah, right. This study should be pointed out whenever somebody starts getting too pompous about the objectivity of peer review, like they often do.
Then there’s the outright purchase of space. A drug company may simply pay $100,000 to a journal to have a favorable article printed. (Stauber, p 204)
Fraud in peer review journals is nothing new. In 1987, the New England Journal ran an article that followed the research of R. Slutsky MD over a seven year period. During that time, Dr. Slutsky had published 137 articles in a number of peer-reviewed journals. NEJM found that in at least 60 of these 137, there was evidence of major scientific fraud and misrepresentation, including:
* reporting data for experiments that were never done * reporting measurements that were never made * reporting statistical analyses that were never done
(Engler)
Dean Black PhD, describes what he the calls the Babel Effect that results when this very common and frequently undetected scientific fraudulent data in peer-reviewed journals are quoted by other researchers, who are in turn re-quoted by still others, and so on.
Want to see something that sort of re-frames this whole discussion? Check out the McDonald’s ads which often appear in the Journal of the American Medical Association. Then keep in mind that this is the same publication that for almost 50 years ran cigarette ads proclaiming the health benefits of tobacco. (Robbins)
Very scientific, oh yes.
 KILL YOUR TV?
Hope this article has given you a hint to start reading newspaper and magazine articles a little differently, and perhaps start watching TV news shows with a slightly different attitude than you had before. Always ask, what are they selling here, and who’s selling it? And if you actually follow up on Stauber & Rampton’s book and check out some of the other resources below, you might even glimpse the possibility of advancing your life one quantum simply by ceasing to subject your brain to mass media. That’s right – no more newspapers, no more TV news, no more Time magazine or Newsweek. You could actually do that. Just think what you could do with the extra time alone.
Really feel like you need to “relax” or find out “what’s going on in the world” for a few hours every day? Think about the news of the past couple of years for a minute. Do you really suppose the major stories that have dominated headlines and TV news have been “what is going on in the world?” Do you actually think there’s been nothing going on besides the contrived tech slump, the contrived power shortages, the re-filtered accounts of foreign violence and disaster, and all the other non-stories that the puppeteers dangle before us every day? What about when they get a big one, like with OJ or Monica Lewinsky or the Oklahoma city bombing? Do we really need to know all that detail, day after day? Do we have any way of verifying all that detail, even if we wanted to? What is the purpose of news? To inform the public? Hardly. The sole purpose of news is to keep the public in a state of fear and uncertainty so that they’ll watch again tomorrow and be subjected to the same advertising. Oversimplification? Of course. That’s the mark of mass media mastery – simplicity. The invisible hand. Like Edward Bernays said, the people must be controlled without them knowing it.
Consider this: what was really going on in the world all that time they were distracting us with all that stupid vexatious daily smokescreen? Fear and uncertainty — that’s what keeps people coming back for more.
If this seems like a radical outlook, let’s take it one step further: What would you lose from your life if you stopped watching TV and stopped reading newspapers altogether?
Would your life really suffer any financial, moral, intellectual or academic loss from such a decision?
Do you really need to have your family continually absorbing the illiterate, amoral, phony, uncultivated, desperately brainless values of the people featured in the average nightly TV program? Are these fake, programmed robots “normal”?
Do you need to have your life values constantly spoon fed to you?
Are those shows really amusing, or just a necessary distraction to keep you from looking at reality, or trying to figure things out yourself by doing a little independent reading?
Name one example of how your life is improved by watching TV news and reading the evening paper. What measurable gain is there for you?
 PLANET OF THE APES?
There’s no question that as a nation, we’re getting dumber year by year. Look at the presidents we’ve been choosing lately. Ever notice the blatant grammar mistakes so ubiquitous in today’s advertising and billboards? Literacy is marginal in most American secondary schools. Three-fourths of California high school seniors can’t read well enough to pass their exit exams. ( SJ Mercury 20 Jul 01) If you think other parts of the country are smarter, try this one: hand any high school senior a book by Dumas or Jane Austen, and ask them to open to any random page and just read one paragraph out loud. Go ahead, do it. SAT scales are arbitrarily shifted lower and lower to disguise how dumb kids are getting year by year. (ADD: A Designer Disease) At least 10% have documented “learning disabilities,” which are reinforced and rewarded by special treatment and special drugs. Ever hear of anyone failing a grade any more?
Or observe the intellectual level of the average movie which these days may only last one or two weeks in the theatres, especially if it has insufficient explosions, chase scenes, silicone, fake martial arts, and cretinesque dialogue. Radio? Consider the low mental qualifications of the falsely animated corporate simians hired as DJs — seems like they’re only allowed to have 50 thoughts, which they just repeat at random. And at what point did popular music cease to require the study of any musical instrument or theory whatsoever, not to mention lyric? Perhaps we just don’t understand this emerging art form, right? The Darwinism of MTV – apes descended from man.
Ever notice how most articles in any of the glossy magazines sound like they were all written by the same guy? And this writer just graduated from junior college? And yet has all the correct opinions on social issues, no original ideas, and that shallow, smug, homogenized corporate omniscience, to assure us that everything is going to be fine… Yes, everything is fine.
All this is great news for the PR industry – makes their job that much easier. Not only are very few paying attention to the process of conditioning; fewer are capable of understanding it even if somebody explained it to them.
 TEA IN THE CAFETERIA
Let’s say you’re in a crowded cafeteria, and you buy a cup of tea. And as you’re about to sit down you see your friend way across the room. So you put the tea down and walk across the room and talk to your friend for a few minutes. Now, coming back to your tea, are you just going to pick it up and drink it? Remember, this is a crowded place and you’ve just left your tea unattended for several minutes. You’ve given anybody in that room access to your tea.
Why should your mind be any different? Turning on the TV, or uncritically absorbing mass publications every day – these activities allow access to our minds by “just anyone” – anyone who has an agenda, anyone with the resources to create a public image via popular media. As we’ve seen above, just because we read something or see something on TV doesn’t mean it’s true or worth knowing. So the idea here is, like the tea, the mind is also worth guarding, worth limiting access to it.
This is the only life we get. Time is our total capital. Why waste it allowing our potential, our personality, our values to be shaped, crafted, and limited according to the whims of the mass panderers? There are many truly important decisions that are crucial to our physical, mental, and spiritual well-being, decisions that require information and research. If it’s an issue where money is involved, objective data won’t be so easy to obtain. Remember, if everybody knows something, that image has been bought and paid for.
Real knowledge takes a little effort, a little excavation down at least one level below what “everybody knows.”
REFERENCES
Stauber & Rampton Trust Us, We’re Experts Tarcher/Putnam 2001
Ewen, Stuart PR!: A Social History of Spin 1996 ISBN: 0-465-06168-0 Published by Basic Books, A Division of Harper Collins
Tye, Larry The Father of Spin: Edward L. Bernays and the Birth of Public Relations Crown Publishers, Inc. 2001
King, R Medical journals rarely disclose researchers’ ties Wall St. Journal, 2 Feb 99.
Engler, R et al. Misrepresentation and Responsibility in Medical Research
New England Journal of Medicine v 317 p 1383 26 Nov 1987
Black, D PhD Health At the Crossroads Tapestry 1988.
Trevanian Shibumi 1983.
Crossen, C Tainted Truth: The Manipulation of Fact in America 1996.
Robbins, J Reclaiming Our Health Kramer 1996.
Jefferson, T Writings New York Library of America, p 493; 1984.
O’Shea T The Magic Bean 2000 www.thedoctorwithin.com Alternative Medicine magazine May 2001.
Bloody Bill Clinton – American CaligulaSeptember 1, 2006
President Clinton may be in his final year of office but he leaves in his wake a trail of allegations that, if true, would rank him alongside some of history’s most notorious criminals. He has been implicated in cocaine use by none other than his younger brother Roger Clinton, himself a convicted drug trafficker. In an Arkansas State Police surveillance audio tape, obtained by freelance journalist Scott Wheeler, Roger Clinton can be heard describing how he smuggled large amounts of cocaine through airports. Most significant were his comments about the then Arkansas State Governor, “Got to get some for my brother; he’s got a nose like a vacuum cleaner.”
This is not just groundless speculation. In 1990 Sharlene Wilson, an informant for the Seventh Judicial drug task force in Arkansas, testified under oath that she had supplied Governor Bill Clinton with cocaine. Shortly thereafter the drug task force was closed down and Wilson herself was charged with drug violations. In 1992 she was sentenced to 31 years for selling half an ounce of marijuana and $100 worth of methamphetamine. Clinton’s misdemeanors amount to more than drug use though, much more. One of the first things Clinton did on assuming the presidency was to appoint Patsy Thomasson – a top lieutenant of convicted drug dealer Dan Lasater – as White House chief of personnel. Clinton then installed his friend Webster Hubbel as “shadow” Attorney General, until Hubbel was jailed for fraud. Prior to his becoming assistant Attorney General he had been over billing clients at the Rose Law firm, in Little Rock Arkansas, where he had been a partner with Hilary Clinton.
Then we have the “suicide” of Vincent Foster. As reported in The SPOTLIGHT, featured in the previous edition of The Seeker, Forster had been deeply disturbed by events at Waco and had been in the process of preparing a potentially damming report. So Clinton had good reason to want him out of the way and as many suspect his death was not a suicide; eyewitness accounts by police and ambulance crew members who recovered Foster’s body and official autopsy findings are distinctly at odds. One of the reasons that Clinton has been able to get away with so much is the compliance of the mainstream media. As one of the few journalist’s who has covered Clinton’s time in office with any honesty and insight, Ambrose Pritchard-Evans noted:
“The Washington press corps has chosen not to report this sort of thing, of course, because it always gives more weight to the utterings of an “official” source, with a title, than it does to the testimony of a common citizen.”
As a result Clinton has been allowed to get away with murder, almost literally. Yet he is guilty of far more. He has been implicated in rape, sexual assault, mass murder (Waco) and, as we detailed in a previous issue, War crimes in Iraq and the former Yugoslavia. Indeed it is no exaggeration to say that history may well place Bill Clinton alongside the likes of Nero and Caligula. Here then is a list of people who have been connected in some way with Bill Clinton and who have died in rather suspicious circumstances:
1) Susan Coleman: said to have had an affair with Clinton before he became President. Told friends she was expecting his child and was 7 months pregnant when she found dead with a gunshot wound to the head. Verdict, suicide.
2)Larry Guerrin: killed while investigating the INSLAW case. In brief this involved the US Justice Department using stolen software, modifying it for intelligence purposes and then selling it to foreign governments and making millions in the process.
3) Kevin Ives and Don Henry: two 16 year old boys who may have stumbled across drug running operations involving Clinton at Mena airfield in Arkansas in 1987.Initial reports, by State Medical Examiner Fahmy Malak, suggested that the boys had fallen asleep on the railway line and been crushed. However when the parents kicked up a fuss another forensic report showed Kevin’s skull had been crushed prior to being placed on the track whilst Don had been stabbed in the back.
4) Keith Coney said he had information on Ives and Henry deaths. Died in a high-speed motorcycle crash in 1989,said to have involved a car chase.
5) Keith McKaskle, said to have information on the Ives and Henry deaths. Stabbed to death in November 1988.
6) Gregory Collins, once again said to have information on the Ives and Henry deaths and once again killed, this time by a gunshot wound to the face.
7) Jeff Rhodes was also said to have information on the deaths of Ives and Henry.He was found on a waste heap in April 1989 with a gunshot wound to the head.
8. James Milam also had information on the Ives and Henry deaths but before he could talk too widely he was found decapitated. Once again the State Medical Examiner, Fahmy Malak, ruled the death due to natural causes.
9) Richard Winters, a suspect in the Ives and Henry case had offered to cooperate and give evidence. However he died in a ‘robbery’, which was subsequently proved to have been a set-up.
10) Jordan Kettleson was also said to have information on the Ives and Henry deaths. He was found shot dead in his pick-up in June 1990.
11) Danny Casalaro, a journalist investigating Mena airstrip, the Arkansas coke trade and INSLAW. Had warned his family that he had learnt too much and not to believe it was suicide if he turned up dead. Shortly thereafter he was found in a bathtub in the Sheraton Hotel in Martinsburg, West Virginia. Both his wrists had been slashed, one ten times, all his research material was missing and has never been recovered
12) Victor Raiser, the National Co-Chair for the “Clinton for President” campaign, died in an airplane crash in July, 1992.
13) R Montgomery Raiser also worked on the Clinton campaign and died in the same crash.
14) Ian Spiro, said to have supporting documentation for grand jury proceedings in the INSLAW case. His wife and three children were found murdered in their home in November 1992.All had gunshot wounds to the head. Ian’s body later was found in a car in the Borrego Desert. FBI reports concluded that he had shot his family and then committed suicide by taking cyanide.
15) Paula Grober, Clinton’s speech interpreter for the deaf. Killed in car smash with no other cars involved and no witnesses. She is said to have been very attractive and traveled extensively with Clinton prior to her death in December 1992. All the above died prior to Clinton’s inauguration in January 1993.In its aftermath the deaths not only continued but became even more numerous.
16) Steve Willis, Robert Williams, Todd McKeahan and Conway LeBleu were the only four BAFT men killed at Waco.In an autopsy performed by a “private Doctor” all four were found to have near identical “execution style” head wounds. All four had previously been bodyguards for Clinton prior to their deaths in April 1993.
17) Sgt. Brian Haney, Sgt.Tim Sabel, Maj. William Barkley and Capt. Scott Reynolds. Once again all four men had been bodyguards for Clinton prior to their deaths in a helicopter crash near Quantico, Va. Reporters were barred from the scene whilst firefighters responding to the crash had their video tapes seized and a fire cheif described a scene where, “security was tight” with “lots of marines with guns.”
18) Paul Wilcher was found dead shortly after presenting Attorney General Janet Reno with a report on Waco, death ruled to “unknown causes.” See extracts from the report in this issue.
19) White House deputy counsel Vincent Foster was said to have been preparing a potentially damming report on Waco at the time of his death. As reported in the previous issue he had been deeply disturbed by events at Waco and his death, in July 1993, was officially labeled a “suicide.”.
20) Stanley Heard and Steven Dickson were members of Clinton’s Health Advisory Committee. Both died in an air crash in September 1993.
21) Jerry Luther Parks, Chief of Security at Clinton’s national campaign headquarters in Little Rock. He was shot through the rear window of his car, the killer then went to the driver’s side of Park’s car and pumped three more 9mm bullets into him. His family reported that shortly before his death their home had been broken into, despite a top line security system. Park’s had been preparing a dossier on Clinton’s activities, the dossier was stolen.
22) Ed Willey, a Clinton fundraiser, was found shot dead in November 1993.Once again the death was ruled suicide. His wife Kathleen, who was working as a White House volunteer at the time, claimed that Clinton sexually assaulted her when she had approached him, distraught over the loss of her husband.
Indeed allegations of sexual assault and even rape go back a long way with Clinton.As far back as 1969 in fact when Clinton was still a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University. A retired State Department employee said he believed a young English woman who claimed she had been raped by Clinton.
“There was no doubt in my mind that this young woman had suffered severe emotional trauma,” he said. “But we were under tremendous pressure to aviod the embarrassment of having a Rhodes Scholar charged with rape. I filed a report with my superiors and that was the last I heard of it.”
She is not the only woman who has accused Clinton of rape. Early in 1999 Juanita Broaddrick, an Arkansas woman who worked on Clinton’s campaign when he was attorney general in 1978, told NBC that he had raped her.Claiming pressure from the White House NBC shelved the report.
Then we have the case of Elizabeth Ward, a former Miss Arkansas who claimed that Clinton had forced himself on her shortly after she won the State crown. In 1999 she told an interviewer that she did have sex with him but that it was consensual; she later recanted saying that she had been threatened by Clinton supporters into claiming the sex was consensual. And still the killings go on…
23) Dr Roland Rogers a Dentist from Arkansas. Died on his way to the Sunday Telegraph in London to reveal “sensitive” information about Clinton in March 1994
24) Kathy Furguson, a 38-year-old hospital worker whose ex-husband was a co-defendant in the Paula Jones case. She died in May 1994, from a gunshot wound to the head, ruled suicide; curiously next to the body were several packed suitcases, as if she was getting ready to go somewhere.
25) Bill Shelton was Kathy’s boyfriend and an Arkansas police officer. He was found on her grave the following month with a gunshot wound to the back of the head. Judged to be “suicide”.
26) Alan G Whither, oversaw Clinton’s Secret Service detail. He was transferred to a field office in Oklahoma City in October 1994.Whatever warning was given to the other BAFT agents in the building (none of whom came to work that day) failed to reach him, he died on April 19 1995 in the infamous Oklahoma City bomb blast. Incidentally the families of the victims of the blast are now preparing to sue the U.S. Government, saying it had prior knowledge of the bombing.
27) Ron Brown, Commerce Secretary died along with 35 other people on April 3,1996, in an air crash involving Airforce 2. At the time of his death Brown was being investigated and had spoken publicly of his willingness to cut a deal with prosecuters. According to one report he allegedly told Clinton, “he was not going down alone.” However his death brought that possibility to an abrupt end. A pathologist close to the investigation reported that there was a hole in the back of Brown’s head that resembled a gunshot wound. And we are not counting the other 35 people who died in the same crash.
28) Shelly Kelly, an Air Force stewardess was onboard the same flight, at the back of the plane, and suffered only minor cuts and bruises in the crash. Indeed she was able to board a rescue helicopter without assistance. She died later died in hospital, supposedly from a loss of blood. According to journalist Joe L Jordan, an autopsy revealed a three inch cut over her main femoral artery which was sustained over three hours after all her other cuts and bruises. Thereafter Clinton ordered the bodies of all the victims cremated.
29) Barbara Wise, a Commerce Department employee. She was found dead in her locked office, partially nude and covered in bruises, following a long weekend. Officially she is said to have died of natural causes.
30) Christine M Mirzayan, Clinton intern killed on August 1 1998.In the publicity prior to the Paula Jones law suit Newsweek revealed that “a former White House staffer” with the initial “M” was about to go public with a story about sexual harassment at the White House. Thereafter Christine was found beaten to death with a heavy object near Georgetown University, Washington.
31) Mary Mahoon was another former White House intern who was about to go public with a story of sexual harassment at the White House. Before she could though some unknown characters entered a Washington Starbuck’s, where she was working, and shot her dead. Her two assistants’, Aaron Goodrich, 18 and Emory Evans were taken to a room along with Mary and pumped full of bullets. Mary was shot in the chest, face and back of the head, probably with silencers as nobody in the densely populated area heard anything. Even though the killers left $4000 in the cashbox untouched, the police categorized the killings as a robbery whilst acknowledging its “execution style”.
As reported in the previous issue of the Seeker four members of Delta Force have recently died in training “accidents”. They were Lt Col Anthony A. Boyles and Sgt Eric Ellingson, killed in river “training accidents.” Master Sgt Gaetano Cutino, killed while “exiting” from a helicopter. And Sgt Jamey Dimase killed while participating in marksmanship training. These were the men who had actually gone into the Branch Davidian compound at Waco and carried out the killings of 86 men, women and children. These men were hardened professional killers, yet even they had been disturbed by what they had been ordered to do and actually done. So much so that given immunity from prosecution they had been prepared to come forward and testify. Although Paul Wilcher does not name them in his report these were the very individuals whose testimony could have demolished Clinton’s Presidency.
The Wilcher Report was buried along with Paul Wilcher and for a while things went on as before, in other words the killings went on and on. Then in 1999 the Wilcher Report resurfaced, when Attorney General Janet Reno was told she expressed “total anger”. According to unnamed eyewitnesses quoted in the Drudge Report: “Her face was flushed, she was clearly shaken.” In the following months the four Delta Force men all died in “training accidents”: to quote Paul Wilcher, “to silence their testimony forever.”
Gennifer Flowers was a bit smarter. She had a 12 year affair with Clinton, in its aftermath her apartment was broken into and ransacked and she and her mother received threatening phone calls. Realising that she was in danger she assumed a higher profile, launched legal proceedings against Clinton and embarked on a series of media appearances. Smart girl, it was probably this that saved her life, had she not done so she too would have been on this list. Finally it should be noted that this is only a partial list, for a more comprehensive picture we would refer you to some of the sources listed below.
Sources include:
www.genniferflowers.com
Daniel Harris and Teresa Hampton,Capitol Hill Blue
Ambrose Pritchard-Evans writing in The Telegraph and the Sunday Telegraph.
The Drudge Report
www.Sudden Instant death Syndrome
America Before ColumbusSeptember 1, 2006

The Hidden History of the Promised Land
It may sound a little over the top but it’s really no overstatement to say that much in our modern world is based on falsehood and fabrication. We are told, for example, that Columbus ‘discovered’ America in 1492, yet there is plenty of evidence to suggest that others had visited America before Columbus: including visitors from ancient Egypt, Phoenicia and medieval Europe. Despite this modern authorities continue to push the line that “Columbus discovered America.”     
In point of fact Columbus himself never even set eyes upon America; the closest he got to the mainland of North America was Puerto Rica. However in the aftermath of Columbus’s voyage John Cabot sailed from Bristol, England; which in turn opened the way for the first colony in Jamestown, Virginia and thus allowed the English to claim America as their own. Yet there is considerable evidence that suggests that others from different cultures preceded Cabot and Columbus. So one is forced to ask: why, when there is much to suggest that others from different cultures preceded Columbus, don’t we hear more about this possibility being investigated? Could it be that certain powers have a vested interest in keeping our real history under wraps?
Whatever the answer the fact remains that a great deal has been unearthed which is completely at odds with conventional notions regarding the origins of what we know today as America. In fact according to some contemporary authorities, the Native Americans encountered by the early settlers from England were not what they appeared to be. They were indeed native to the Americas but they were not its original inhabitants, who according to various tribal legends, had disappeared eons before in a series of cataclysms.
Of course this is so at odds with the dictates of modern science, history and archaeology that one would expect it to be rejected out of hand, as indeed it has been. This is not so easily done though with a landmark tower in Newport, Rhode Island. Curiously the tower is built in the style of a medieval look out and has been dated back to the fourteenth century. As if to emphasize its antiquity Italian navigator Giovanni de Verrazano recorded the tower whilst mapping the coastline in 1524, marking its location as an existing “Norman Villa”. Similar evidence can be found in Westford, Massachusetts, where a rock engraving can be found depicting a figure dressed like fourteenth century knight. Intriguingly the figure carries a shield portraying the emblem of a ship following a single star. 
Of course this may simply be dismissed as a modern day hoax but this can’t be so easily done with Scotland’s Rosslyn Chapel; where clear depictions of ears of corn or maize and aloe cactus, both unknown in medieval Scotland, can be found on some of the archways and ceilings. These stone carvings are an integral part of the Chapel, which was only completed in 1486; that’s a full six years before Columbus is said to have embarked on his voyage of discovery. The standard line is that both maize and aloe cactus were only found after Columbus had sailed West. Thus, according to authors Knight and Lamar Rosslyn Chapel amounts to clear . . .  “evidence that the men who instructed the masons of Rosslyn Chapel must have visited America at least a quarter of a century before Columbus.”
All of which prompts one to ask: if the actual discovery of the America’s could have been concealed for so long what more could be hidden? The answer to that, as you shall see, is a whole lot more. 
These and other finds are given further credence by the very history of the Knights Templar. And it’s a history that adds an even more intriguing twist to the story of discovery of America. The Order of the Knights Templar was originally founded in Jerusalem in 1118, when nine French Knights asked King Baldwin to be allowed to protect pilgrims travelling to the Holy Land. Their request was granted and significantly they were also granted permission to stay in the ruins of Solomon’s Temple; for it was here, according to some researchers, that they made discoveries that would ultimately change the very course of history.
Once established in the ruins they began excavations that yielded untold treasures, both in terms of material wealth and even more precious knowledge. It was through this knowledge that the original Templar’s obtained an insight that allowed them to question much of orthodox Christianity. An insight through which they recognized that the established Church had misinterpreted much of the original Christian teaching: including the Virgin Birth, the Crucifixion, the Resurrection and reincarnation. According to writer and researcher David Hatcher Childress: “To the Templars, the true church, one that taught mysticism, reincarnation and good works was being suppressed by a dark power that called itself the one true faith.” 
And just in case you thought that Christianity never taught anything about reincarnation, take note: prior to the Council of Nicaea the idea of reincarnation was an integral part of the Christian faith. That ended however with the first Council of Nicaea in A.D.325. Convened by Emperor Constantine of Rome the Council effectively settled various theological disputes and ratified what was to become Holy Roman Law, the official version of the word of God. In the process the very notion of reincarnation as part of the Christian faith was consigned to the waste bin of history.
Armed with this new knowledge the power and influence of Order of the Knights Templar rapidly increased. By the mid thirteenth century the Order owned about nine thousand castles and manors across Europe. Along with material acquisition came a reputation that left many in Medieval Europe in awe. The Templar’s distinctive white surcoat, emblazoned with a red cross, was always seen in the thick of battle; indeed they quickly established a reputation comparable to modern fighting elites such as Britain’s SAS, the U.S. Marines and Airborne or Russia’s Spetnaz. 
More than simply being a political and military power though they also became a force to be reckoned with in the fields of cultural and metaphysical endeavour too. For it was the Templar’s who instigated the first stonemasons guilds and introduced new building methods with skills inspired, in part, by what they had learned in Jerusalem. Prior to these European buildings had been built for practicality and defence; generally plain structures with little in the way of inspirational design but that too were about to change. In the space of a few decades, Europe saw the appearance of a string of new churches and cathedrals with high vaulted ceilings, flying buttresses and dazzling stained glass windows. All of which was to lay much of the groundwork for the future Renaissance and the Templar’s were very much the driving force behind it.  
Yet by then the Templar’s power and influence had increased to such an extent that they were seen by Rome as a danger to itself, a challenge to the official word of God. So on Friday, October 13th, 1307 the Church of Rome made its move and at the same time bestowed on Friday 13th the sinister connotations which have remained ever since. With the blessing of Pope Clement V, King Philip of France drew up a list of charges against the Order; falsely accusing them of everything from homosexuality, abortion, necromancy and use of the black arts. On the dawn of Friday 13th his forces seized, interrogated, tortured and burned the captured Templars. Many escaped though, including the Templar Fleet, which sailed to safe haven in Scotland. At the time Scotland was ruled by Robert the Bruce and at odds with England so the Scots readily accepted help from anyone who was willing to offer it. In return the Knights Templar would play a critical role in the Battle of Bannockburn. Just as the Battle hung in balance the Scots, outnumbered two to one by the English, were suddenly reinforced by a contingent of mounted Knights; with long flowing beards and a bold red cross emblazoned on their white tunics the newcomers helped swing the battle in the Scot’s favour..  
The Templar ships were not anchored for long in Scotland though; a large part of the fleet, consisting of 12 ships and over 300 men, sailed on across the Atlantic to take refuge in America.
America? You may ask, how did they know about America?
Well according to Knight and Lomas, the Masonic authors of The Hiram Key, the original Knights Templar may well have acquired key manuscripts whilst resident in Solomen’s Temple in Jerusalem. Amongst them manuscripts from the Mandaean sect which believed that John the Baptist was the true Messiah and that the souls of the good went to a land far across the sea, a wonderful land, a promised land marked by a star called . . . “Merica.” Which calls to mind the rock engraving of a medieval knight in Westford, Massachusetts; the engraved knight carries a shield portraying the emblem of a ship following a single shining star.  

It is therefore quite possible that while resident in Solomen’s Temple the first Templar’s found reference to new lands across the sea as well as the name “le Merica.” Which in turn led their descendents to its fabled shores. As if to emphasize this recently discovered ruins in Patagonia revealed an ancient pier and docks dressed with stone slabs bearing the Templar cross. Which in turn has prompted some investigators to speculate that the Templar’s may have journeyed further south from North America.
Yet even if this was the case, then the Knight’s Templar were not the first, not even the first from Christian Europe, to visit America. Long before Columbus is supposed to have discovered the Americas Vikings and early Celtic Christians may well have trod the shores of North America, and before them others even more ancient. The discovery of various Roman coins around the U.S has led some researchers to conclude that America was the final destination for a wave of people who came not as colonists but as refugees. The coins, which have been found largely around the Mississippi-Arkansas-Ohio-Missouri river systems, cover the later periods of Rome and particularly the reigns of Antoninus Pius, Gallienus and Emperor Tetricus. A period of Roman rule that Gibbon describes as a time of  “uninterrupted …confusion and calamity.” So it’s quite possible that these coins were left by what were in effect boat people seeking refuge from a disintegrating Empire.
What’s significant here though is the fact that these finds have not strictly been confined to the Mississippi-Arkansas-Ohio-Missouri river systems. Although largely confined to the vicinity of these river systems Roman coins have been found across North America: from Arkansas to Alabama, from Missouri to Oklahoma. Maybe, indicating a wave of refugees? Or, a series of exploratory ventures? Or maybe even both?

True to form modern academia and its various experts have largely ignored these finds or simply brushed them aside as hoaxed. Thus dismissing such tantalising glimpses of the past as an Egyptian-minted Gallenius coin, found in a stream bed by Geology students near Black Mountain, North Carolina. Or the even more fascinating “Rio Grande Tablet.” Written in a style current in the Roman colony of Libya around 300AD, the tablet proffers a poignant insight into the past. Inscribed on it is a prayer to the Roman deity Mithras, dated the 6th year of an unnamed Emperor’s reign, a prayer that asks for aid and relief for a sick and lost party. Whether deserters or early explorers some researchers have concluded that the Rio Grande Tablet is the work of a lost Libyan detail of the Mithras worshipping Roman army.
The notion that elements from  Rome’s Carthaginian colony in Libya may have visited America has been further underlined by the Burrow’s Cave find. Amongst the thousands of artefacts in the collection is the depiction of a Negroid face carved on a stone tablet in a distinctly Roman style. Predictably it has been virtually ignored by the various authorities. After all the idea that North African’s were visiting North America over a thousand years before Columbus challenges much of written history.
So Burrows cave has either been dismissed as a hoax or ignored by modern academia, yet in the words of Ancient American magazine it is the archaeological “discovery of the century.” The story of Burrows cave began in 1982 when Russell Burrows was out searching for American civil war artefacts in southern Illinois. Using a common metal-detector he claims to have discovered an underground chamber full of ancient artefacts. Numbering more than seven thousand the artefacts largely consist of stones inscribed with the portraits of ancient Egyptians, Carthaginians, Romans and Hebrews; many of which were inscribed with script resembling Phoenician or ancient Semitic writing. Although many of the relics found in Burrows Cave have been examined Burrows himself has not as yet revealed the exact location of his find, partly because of the derision that greeted his claims. However he has promised to reveal the exact location of the find in the near future and when he does we will update you.
In the meantime though it must be said that if you thought the idea of Knights Templar or even Romans in America was outlandish then we suggest that you take a deep breath. For as we researched this article the evidence emerged which is even more at odds with the conventional notions of American history. For while the ancient Americas may well have played host to many visitors from many different lands there is one in particular who stands out. An individual whose presence in America, if in fact he were there, is likely to shatter many beliefs: historical, cultural, metaphysical and religious.
Across the Americas, north and south, there are oral traditions and stories that are remarkably similar in overall theme. They tell of the coming of a pale man, some even say a white man; known variously as the Dawn God, the Peacemaker, the Pale One and the East Star Man: he was given this latter name because according to some stories he had come across the sea from the east. In other words he had come across what we know today as the Atlantic from either Europe or North Africa.
Whatever he was called though his arrival left a deep impression on those peoples and cultures he visited. Prior to his appearance some tribes in the America’s, more particularly in south or Central America, had practised blood sacrifice. The arrival of the Pale One, or Quetzalcoatl, as the Maya knew him, changed that. He taught new rituals and ceremonies some of which remain to this day; such as the smoking of sacred pipes, which for some tribes replaced blood sacrifice.
Apart from having pale skin he was also distinguished from the indigenous Americans by the fact that he was bearded, a facial feature that is unknown amongst Native Americans. Moreover he is said to have dressed completely differently from indigenous Americans, in long flowing robes and sandals   
Some tribes called him the Son of the Great Spirit whilst others refer to him as the son of Yod-hey-vah. Sound familiar? Well this latter name was a phonetic pronunciation he taught as was the name he taught the Algonkin of the Great Lakes when they asked his name. He replied that names meant nothing to him; so they then asked what he was named in childhood when he had lived across the waters. That name, which even today they struggle to pronounce was, he told them: Chee-Zoos, God of the Dawn Light.
The parallels between what is written in the Bible and the stories told by various Native American peoples are uncannily similar. For example, the tribes of Oklahoma tell of a man they call the Healer, who chose from amongst the native people twelve disciples. He told them that he was born across the ocean, in a land where all men were bearded. In this land he was born of a virgin on a night when a bright star shone in the heavens. And, as if to celebrate his birth the heavens opened and down came winged beings of great beauty chanting in praise of Chee Zoos, God of the Dawn Light.

Likewise the Dacootah recall the coming of the pale faced Healer. According to them his name remains sacred and during his time with them he taught rites of purification and . . . baptism. 
In the same way the Tribes around the Great Lakes speak of the coming of the Prophet; a pale, bearded man who was, according to their tribal elders, the son of the Great Spirit. A Prophet who appeared to them as a white man and who could heal the lame and sick with his touch.
Their medicine men say that: “all that he touched was enchanted with His god-like power of healing.”And that . . . “He came alone. He organized the churches, changed the temples, taught the priesthood.”   
Elsewhere, across the America’s there are similar tales and they all tell the same story: of a god-like white man who travelled across the America’s teaching and healing. At the time of his arrival legend has it that there was a great city situated where the Missouri and the Mississippi run to the Southern sea. One morning it is said that the Prophet came there in a long boat, used by the traders. “The streets,” the old legends say, “were covered with flowers strewn in homage on the path before Him as He walked toward the Temple.”
All of which is reminiscent Christ’s entry into Jerusalem on Palm Sunday, the week before he was crucified, when adoring crowds spread palm leaves before his approaching steps. The Native stories continue:  
“Greatly beloved now was the Pale God, known as the Lord of the Wind and the Water. His every move bespoke his kindness: His very touch revealed His Divinity; and before Him all the people bowed down. Through the rows of worshippers He moved …in quiet solemnity, holding up His hand in blessing – that hand with the strange palm marking, for through it was engraved the True Cross which He had taken as His Symbol”.
He stayed for some time, say the legends: “though often he rode away with the merchants, or more often walked to distant villages, holding in His hand His great staff, and stopping to speak with all the people, from the aged to the little children.”
 Of course you may object that these are only stories, the legends and tales of a simple and unsophisticated people. And of course you are right, but it doesn’t end there because these stories have been partly substantiated by artefacts found within or in the vicinity of mounds built by the ancestors of modern Native Americans.
The so-called Mound Builders flourished in North America between 200 B.C. and 500 AD. Little is known about them except that they built earthen mounds, often in the shape of birds and animals. With the arrival of settlers from Europe many of these mounds were levelled to make way for new farmland. In the process the mounds and their contents were scattered or ploughed under; then in the early 19th century strange relics were unearthed as new roads were built and forests cleared, and this occurred largely around Michigan, Illinois and Minnesota, areas of much previous mound building.
Amongst the relics recovered have been engraved depictions of the crucifixion and other biblical motifs. Yet despite the fact that many of these discoveries were accompanied by sworn affidavits and written testimony the archaeological authorities of the day largely dismissed them as “fakes.” A response that continues to this day.
We honestly don’t know whether Christ was physically located in the Americas or simply made an appearance, so to speak, spiritually and thereby inspired the stories, artefacts and inscriptions. Or indeed whether they were inspired by the tales of long forgotten Christian missionaries. Certainly Rudolph Steiner spoke of initiates and mystics around the planet being aware of the events in Palestine at the time of the crucifixion. So this proposition is certainly a possibility but whatever the real explanation it offers a fascinating alternative view of history and Christianity itself. 
What’s more, as individuals, we may soon be able to explore this possibility for ourselves.  According to various tribes, before his departure, the East Star Man said that one day he would return, not in body but in spirit. At this time, he said, the world would be a dark place where evil would reign, however, the pure in heart would perceive his return. In other words what he is said to have told Native Americans is exactly what modern Christians would understand as the “second coming.” So if you can lift your head up from the feeding trough of consumer society, or the conveyor belt called work, you may just notice something in the air. 

Sources include: www.wolflodge.org, Rule By Secrecy by Jim Marrs, publ: Harper Collins. The Hiram Key by C. Knight and R. Lomas, publ: Barnes and Noble Books, New York. He walked the Americas, Taylor Hansen, publ: Legend Press, Amherst, Wisconsin. The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, Gibbon. Ancient American magazine no. 26 & 33.
									
Posted in Essential Reading, Hidden and Revisionist History 
Bloody Bill Clinton – American CaligulaSeptember 1, 2006
President Clinton may be in his final year of office but he leaves in his wake a trail of allegations that, if true, would rank him alongside some of history’s most notorious criminals. He has been implicated in cocaine use by none other than his younger brother Roger Clinton, himself a convicted drug trafficker. In an Arkansas State Police surveillance audio tape, obtained by freelance journalist Scott Wheeler, Roger Clinton can be heard describing how he smuggled large amounts of cocaine through airports. Most significant were his comments about the then Arkansas State Governor, “Got to get some for my brother; he’s got a nose like a vacuum cleaner.”
This is not just groundless speculation. In 1990 Sharlene Wilson, an informant for the Seventh Judicial drug task force in Arkansas, testified under oath that she had supplied Governor Bill Clinton with cocaine. Shortly thereafter the drug task force was closed down and Wilson herself was charged with drug violations. In 1992 she was sentenced to 31 years for selling half an ounce of marijuana and $100 worth of methamphetamine. Clinton’s misdemeanors amount to more than drug use though, much more. One of the first things Clinton did on assuming the presidency was to appoint Patsy Thomasson – a top lieutenant of convicted drug dealer Dan Lasater – as White House chief of personnel. Clinton then installed his friend Webster Hubbel as “shadow” Attorney General, until Hubbel was jailed for fraud. Prior to his becoming assistant Attorney General he had been over billing clients at the Rose Law firm, in Little Rock Arkansas, where he had been a partner with Hilary Clinton.
Then we have the “suicide” of Vincent Foster. As reported in The SPOTLIGHT, featured in the previous edition of The Seeker, Forster had been deeply disturbed by events at Waco and had been in the process of preparing a potentially damming report. So Clinton had good reason to want him out of the way and as many suspect his death was not a suicide; eyewitness accounts by police and ambulance crew members who recovered Foster’s body and official autopsy findings are distinctly at odds. One of the reasons that Clinton has been able to get away with so much is the compliance of the mainstream media. As one of the few journalist’s who has covered Clinton’s time in office with any honesty and insight, Ambrose Pritchard-Evans noted:
“The Washington press corps has chosen not to report this sort of thing, of course, because it always gives more weight to the utterings of an “official” source, with a title, than it does to the testimony of a common citizen.”
As a result Clinton has been allowed to get away with murder, almost literally. Yet he is guilty of far more. He has been implicated in rape, sexual assault, mass murder (Waco) and, as we detailed in a previous issue, War crimes in Iraq and the former Yugoslavia. Indeed it is no exaggeration to say that history may well place Bill Clinton alongside the likes of Nero and Caligula. Here then is a list of people who have been connected in some way with Bill Clinton and who have died in rather suspicious circumstances:
1) Susan Coleman: said to have had an affair with Clinton before he became President. Told friends she was expecting his child and was 7 months pregnant when she found dead with a gunshot wound to the head. Verdict, suicide.
2)Larry Guerrin: killed while investigating the INSLAW case. In brief this involved the US Justice Department using stolen software, modifying it for intelligence purposes and then selling it to foreign governments and making millions in the process.
3) Kevin Ives and Don Henry: two 16 year old boys who may have stumbled across drug running operations involving Clinton at Mena airfield in Arkansas in 1987.Initial reports, by State Medical Examiner Fahmy Malak, suggested that the boys had fallen asleep on the railway line and been crushed. However when the parents kicked up a fuss another forensic report showed Kevin’s skull had been crushed prior to being placed on the track whilst Don had been stabbed in the back.
4) Keith Coney said he had information on Ives and Henry deaths. Died in a high-speed motorcycle crash in 1989,said to have involved a car chase.
5) Keith McKaskle, said to have information on the Ives and Henry deaths. Stabbed to death in November 1988.
6) Gregory Collins, once again said to have information on the Ives and Henry deaths and once again killed, this time by a gunshot wound to the face.
7) Jeff Rhodes was also said to have information on the deaths of Ives and Henry.He was found on a waste heap in April 1989 with a gunshot wound to the head.
8. James Milam also had information on the Ives and Henry deaths but before he could talk too widely he was found decapitated. Once again the State Medical Examiner, Fahmy Malak, ruled the death due to natural causes.
9) Richard Winters, a suspect in the Ives and Henry case had offered to cooperate and give evidence. However he died in a ‘robbery’, which was subsequently proved to have been a set-up.
10) Jordan Kettleson was also said to have information on the Ives and Henry deaths. He was found shot dead in his pick-up in June 1990.
11) Danny Casalaro, a journalist investigating Mena airstrip, the Arkansas coke trade and INSLAW. Had warned his family that he had learnt too much and not to believe it was suicide if he turned up dead. Shortly thereafter he was found in a bathtub in the Sheraton Hotel in Martinsburg, West Virginia. Both his wrists had been slashed, one ten times, all his research material was missing and has never been recovered
12) Victor Raiser, the National Co-Chair for the “Clinton for President” campaign, died in an airplane crash in July, 1992.
13) R Montgomery Raiser also worked on the Clinton campaign and died in the same crash.
14) Ian Spiro, said to have supporting documentation for grand jury proceedings in the INSLAW case. His wife and three children were found murdered in their home in November 1992.All had gunshot wounds to the head. Ian’s body later was found in a car in the Borrego Desert. FBI reports concluded that he had shot his family and then committed suicide by taking cyanide.
15) Paula Grober, Clinton’s speech interpreter for the deaf. Killed in car smash with no other cars involved and no witnesses. She is said to have been very attractive and traveled extensively with Clinton prior to her death in December 1992. All the above died prior to Clinton’s inauguration in January 1993.In its aftermath the deaths not only continued but became even more numerous.
16) Steve Willis, Robert Williams, Todd McKeahan and Conway LeBleu were the only four BAFT men killed at Waco.In an autopsy performed by a “private Doctor” all four were found to have near identical “execution style” head wounds. All four had previously been bodyguards for Clinton prior to their deaths in April 1993.
17) Sgt. Brian Haney, Sgt.Tim Sabel, Maj. William Barkley and Capt. Scott Reynolds. Once again all four men had been bodyguards for Clinton prior to their deaths in a helicopter crash near Quantico, Va. Reporters were barred from the scene whilst firefighters responding to the crash had their video tapes seized and a fire cheif described a scene where, “security was tight” with “lots of marines with guns.”
18) Paul Wilcher was found dead shortly after presenting Attorney General Janet Reno with a report on Waco, death ruled to “unknown causes.” See extracts from the report in this issue.
19) White House deputy counsel Vincent Foster was said to have been preparing a potentially damming report on Waco at the time of his death. As reported in the previous issue he had been deeply disturbed by events at Waco and his death, in July 1993, was officially labeled a “suicide.”.
20) Stanley Heard and Steven Dickson were members of Clinton’s Health Advisory Committee. Both died in an air crash in September 1993.
21) Jerry Luther Parks, Chief of Security at Clinton’s national campaign headquarters in Little Rock. He was shot through the rear window of his car, the killer then went to the driver’s side of Park’s car and pumped three more 9mm bullets into him. His family reported that shortly before his death their home had been broken into, despite a top line security system. Park’s had been preparing a dossier on Clinton’s activities, the dossier was stolen.
22) Ed Willey, a Clinton fundraiser, was found shot dead in November 1993.Once again the death was ruled suicide. His wife Kathleen, who was working as a White House volunteer at the time, claimed that Clinton sexually assaulted her when she had approached him, distraught over the loss of her husband.
Indeed allegations of sexual assault and even rape go back a long way with Clinton.As far back as 1969 in fact when Clinton was still a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University. A retired State Department employee said he believed a young English woman who claimed she had been raped by Clinton.
“There was no doubt in my mind that this young woman had suffered severe emotional trauma,” he said. “But we were under tremendous pressure to aviod the embarrassment of having a Rhodes Scholar charged with rape. I filed a report with my superiors and that was the last I heard of it.”
She is not the only woman who has accused Clinton of rape. Early in 1999 Juanita Broaddrick, an Arkansas woman who worked on Clinton’s campaign when he was attorney general in 1978, told NBC that he had raped her.Claiming pressure from the White House NBC shelved the report.
Then we have the case of Elizabeth Ward, a former Miss Arkansas who claimed that Clinton had forced himself on her shortly after she won the State crown. In 1999 she told an interviewer that she did have sex with him but that it was consensual; she later recanted saying that she had been threatened by Clinton supporters into claiming the sex was consensual. And still the killings go on…
23) Dr Roland Rogers a Dentist from Arkansas. Died on his way to the Sunday Telegraph in London to reveal “sensitive” information about Clinton in March 1994
24) Kathy Furguson, a 38-year-old hospital worker whose ex-husband was a co-defendant in the Paula Jones case. She died in May 1994, from a gunshot wound to the head, ruled suicide; curiously next to the body were several packed suitcases, as if she was getting ready to go somewhere.
25) Bill Shelton was Kathy’s boyfriend and an Arkansas police officer. He was found on her grave the following month with a gunshot wound to the back of the head. Judged to be “suicide”.
26) Alan G Whither, oversaw Clinton’s Secret Service detail. He was transferred to a field office in Oklahoma City in October 1994.Whatever warning was given to the other BAFT agents in the building (none of whom came to work that day) failed to reach him, he died on April 19 1995 in the infamous Oklahoma City bomb blast. Incidentally the families of the victims of the blast are now preparing to sue the U.S. Government, saying it had prior knowledge of the bombing.
27) Ron Brown, Commerce Secretary died along with 35 other people on April 3,1996, in an air crash involving Airforce 2. At the time of his death Brown was being investigated and had spoken publicly of his willingness to cut a deal with prosecuters. According to one report he allegedly told Clinton, “he was not going down alone.” However his death brought that possibility to an abrupt end. A pathologist close to the investigation reported that there was a hole in the back of Brown’s head that resembled a gunshot wound. And we are not counting the other 35 people who died in the same crash.
28) Shelly Kelly, an Air Force stewardess was onboard the same flight, at the back of the plane, and suffered only minor cuts and bruises in the crash. Indeed she was able to board a rescue helicopter without assistance. She died later died in hospital, supposedly from a loss of blood. According to journalist Joe L Jordan, an autopsy revealed a three inch cut over her main femoral artery which was sustained over three hours after all her other cuts and bruises. Thereafter Clinton ordered the bodies of all the victims cremated.
29) Barbara Wise, a Commerce Department employee. She was found dead in her locked office, partially nude and covered in bruises, following a long weekend. Officially she is said to have died of natural causes.
30) Christine M Mirzayan, Clinton intern killed on August 1 1998.In the publicity prior to the Paula Jones law suit Newsweek revealed that “a former White House staffer” with the initial “M” was about to go public with a story about sexual harassment at the White House. Thereafter Christine was found beaten to death with a heavy object near Georgetown University, Washington.
31) Mary Mahoon was another former White House intern who was about to go public with a story of sexual harassment at the White House. Before she could though some unknown characters entered a Washington Starbuck’s, where she was working, and shot her dead. Her two assistants’, Aaron Goodrich, 18 and Emory Evans were taken to a room along with Mary and pumped full of bullets. Mary was shot in the chest, face and back of the head, probably with silencers as nobody in the densely populated area heard anything. Even though the killers left $4000 in the cashbox untouched, the police categorized the killings as a robbery whilst acknowledging its “execution style”.
As reported in the previous issue of the Seeker four members of Delta Force have recently died in training “accidents”. They were Lt Col Anthony A. Boyles and Sgt Eric Ellingson, killed in river “training accidents.” Master Sgt Gaetano Cutino, killed while “exiting” from a helicopter. And Sgt Jamey Dimase killed while participating in marksmanship training. These were the men who had actually gone into the Branch Davidian compound at Waco and carried out the killings of 86 men, women and children. These men were hardened professional killers, yet even they had been disturbed by what they had been ordered to do and actually done. So much so that given immunity from prosecution they had been prepared to come forward and testify. Although Paul Wilcher does not name them in his report these were the very individuals whose testimony could have demolished Clinton’s Presidency.
The Wilcher Report was buried along with Paul Wilcher and for a while things went on as before, in other words the killings went on and on. Then in 1999 the Wilcher Report resurfaced, when Attorney General Janet Reno was told she expressed “total anger”. According to unnamed eyewitnesses quoted in the Drudge Report: “Her face was flushed, she was clearly shaken.” In the following months the four Delta Force men all died in “training accidents”: to quote Paul Wilcher, “to silence their testimony forever.”
Gennifer Flowers was a bit smarter. She had a 12 year affair with Clinton, in its aftermath her apartment was broken into and ransacked and she and her mother received threatening phone calls. Realising that she was in danger she assumed a higher profile, launched legal proceedings against Clinton and embarked on a series of media appearances. Smart girl, it was probably this that saved her life, had she not done so she too would have been on this list. Finally it should be noted that this is only a partial list, for a more comprehensive picture we would refer you to some of the sources listed below.
Sources include:
www.genniferflowers.com
Daniel Harris and Teresa Hampton,Capitol Hill Blue
Ambrose Pritchard-Evans writing in The Telegraph and the Sunday Telegraph.
The Drudge Report
www.Sudden Instant death Syndrome
Waco: The Untold Story.May 6, 2006
The following was extracted from a report prepared by Attorney Paul Wilcher, a report based on actual eyewitness testimony. The members of the very assault team mentioned in the following report had been in contact with Paul Wilcher, via a third party, and given immunity from prosecution they had been prepared to testify. Even though these were hardened professional killers, what they had been ordered to do and actually done at Waco had deeply disturbed them. On May 21st, 1993, Wilcher went to present the following to US Attorney General Janet Reno, on June 23rd Wilcher’s badly decomposed body was found in his apartment. Upon discovery his apartment was sealed and searched and all documents removed. That indeed might have been the end of the matter but Wilcher had given a copy of his 100-page report to Sara McClendon, a senior White House correspondent, shortly before his death.
 
Wilcher had made one critical mistake in presuming the innocence of Janet Reno and Bill Clinton; it was a mistake that was to cost him his life.
 
In mid 1999 the report re-emerged, whereupon the four members of the Delta Force assault team involved at Waco all died in training “accidents”. The fact that they are not named in this report had probably allowed them to live so long. However as soon as the report re-appeared the “accidents” occurred, effectively “silencing their testimony forever.”
 

 
The Paul Wilcher Report
What actually happened in Waco, according to the information I have been given is as follows:
1) As early as Sunday afternoon or evening, April 18th (shortly after your conference with President Clinton), calls went in to the Parkland Hospital in Dallas–the very same hospital where President Kennedy was taken after his assassination in Dealey Plaza on November 22nd 1963 — again, at the hands of CIA professional killers — to be prepared to receive a large number of serious burn victims from Waco the following day.
2) On the morning of April 19th, the same Delta Force commando team — actually, a select group of the CIA’s top professional killers — which would have carried what I have referred to above the “penultimate plan,” had it been approved — was on the ground in Waco to carry out all aspects of the “wet” operation planned for that Monday.
3) This mass murder was then to be covered up and made to look like a “mass suicide” — just like Jonestown — thereby layering one monstrous CIA lie upon another — since both Waco and Jonestown were CIA mass murders, and not mass suicides.
4) This Delta Force was composed of 15 men in all, headed by a Lieutenant Colonel who was a CIA liaison officer. The group flew into Texas on their own C-130 transport plane, parked it at the Waco or Dallas airport all day, then departed once their “dirty work” had been completed. The plane belongs to Triangle.
5) Among the 15 men in this larger group, there were two (2) smaller operational teams — the 4-man team which actually made the insertion into the compound, as described in detail below, and a back up team, which apparently was never used.
6) These were all dressed in black — black pants, black shoes, black jackets, black gas masks, black gloves — very poetic for a black or wet operation — and were dressed to look like all the other FBI officers on the ground — probably even wearing jackets with FBI insignias on them (though I am not certain of this), so that to any outside observer, there would have been virtually no way of telling these four men apart from any of the other federal officers on the scene at the time.
7) The whole nation watched on TV that morning as the FBI used M1-A1 tanks to punch holes in the exterior walls of the compound’s living quarters. We were later told that at the same time they had battered down these walls, the tanks had also lobbed massive quantities of a very virulent form tear gas into the compound.
8)This tear gas had been designed to be used for crowd control — i.e. it was so virulent and irritating that even in a fresh air out of doors situation, it was guaranteed to cause people to flee from its presence simply in order to be able to breathe.
9) Now, it was being used in a closed, indoor, living quarter’s situation where 95 men, women and children were trapped inside. The logical expectation would have been that all 95 of these persons would have fled out-of-doors instantly, just to be able to breath. But strangely, not a single person came out of the compound — even after this noisome substance had been poured into the compound in enormous quantities over a period of several hours.
10) The logical therefore arises: Why? Why did not ANY of these 95 men, women and children — particularly the women and children — instantly flee for fresh air into the out of doors? The answer we have been given by the news media and the official FBI spokesman is that David Koresh and his cult members had stockpiled and outfitted themselves with gas masks

TEAR GAS — AND NERVE GAS — WERE USED
 11) The real truth, however, is much more sinister and cold-blooded. For what actually happened here is that the tear gas — as virulent and noisome as it was — was only the mask or cover for the real active ingredient being propelled by the tanks into the compound.
 
What was actually propelled into the compound was a nerve reagent — a neuro toxin — NERVE GAS a virulent poisonous substance like curare — which instantly paralyzed and rendered totally helpless and defenseless all of the 95 men, women and children inside the compound — except for those 9, later rescued, like David Thibideaux, who were on the 2nd and 3rd floor with their windows wide open on both sides, and who were thus spared the deadly effects of this tear gas/nerve gas combination.
For all the others, they could no longer coordinate their muscles in the effort required even just to get up, much less flee to the life sustaining fresh air outside, only a few feet away.
This is an extremely serious matter, Attorney General Reno. For it means that here the U.S. military, the FBI, and the Justice Department — directed by the CIA — used nerve gas on innocent men, women and children in our civilian population — and then proceeded to murder them in cold blood, as is set out in detail below. This clearly rises to the level of War Crimes on a civilian population during peace time, an unspeakable human rights violation.
And it was committed by our intelligence community against innocent men, women and children — simply to bury the truth concerning the CIA’s criminal use of mind control programming to “manufacture” “Manchurian Candidate type” robot assassins whose very existence is an unspeakable outrage, in and of itself. 
THE “DELTA FORCE” TEAM ENTERS THE COMPOUND”
 12) After this deadly tear gas/nerve gas combination had had time to do its debilitating and paralyzing work on all the men, women and children in the compound, 4-man “Delta Force” team — actually some of the CIA’s top professional assassins — made its entry into the compound. Fittingly for a black operation, they were dressed all in black, from head to toe, as stated above.
 
13) They were dropped onto the roof of the compound by one of the several low-flying, heavily armed military helicopters which hovered overhead throughout much of the day — while all of the television cameras were focused on the outside of the building at ground level — for example, focusing on the tanks which had just lobbed the tear gas/nerve gas combination into the building. The actual insertion into the building came at approximately 10:25AM.
14) Before they entered the compound, however, this four man team of assassins had received shots of atropine, the antidote to the nerve gas, so that they, too, would not be overcome and paralyzed by it.
15) According to the testimony given before the House Judiciary Committee on the day of your testimony, Attorney General Reno, the fires in the Branch Davidian compound did not become visible until approximately 11:45AM that morning. This means that the team had something in the neighborhood of one (1) hour and fifteen (15) minutes, or so, in which to do their “dirty work”, and then to make their escape.
16) The murder of David Koresh:
One of the first things they did, obviously, was to go into the so-called communications center, just off the kitchen, where they found, and quickly subdued and killed, David Koresh, along with any of his close associates who were nearby. David Koresh was killed with a single bullet to the middle of the forehead, about an inch above the eyes, fired from a distance of about four inches away.
In this regard, an article on page A-3 of The Washington Post, on Tuesday, May 18th, 1993, is directly relevant. It quotes noted forensic pathologist, Dr Cyril H Wecht of Pittsburg, who had recently completed an independent autopsy of the bodies of David Koresh and Steve Schneider, one of his chief lieutenants, as saying that the gunshot wound in the middle of the forehead, which killed Koresh, and the gunshot wound in the back of the head, which killed Schneider, are “not typical of suicide.”
And no wonder! They were, in fact, NOT killed by suicide at all. This was a calculated, carefully planned, cold-blooded mass murder…
17) From the communications center, the “wet” team then fanned out throughout the rest of the compound, and methodically “took out”(i.e. murdered) all of the other six (6) CIA “sleepers” they would have murdered earlier, in what I have called the “penultimate plan”, had that plan been allowed to go forward, plus a number of other persons along the way….

 HOW THE FIRES WERE STARTED
18) The remaining task for this “wet” team — after the multiple murders, described above, had been carried out — while they were still inside, was to place 3 or 4 canisters of “Willie Peter” (White Phosphorus) in strategic locations throughout the compound in order to start the fires.
These canisters were all equipped with delayed timing devices, all set to go off simultaneously — apparently at or before 11:45AM, that’s when the fires were actually sighted by outside observers on the scene. 
White phosphorus is one of the most fearsome incendiary devices imaginable, and is therefore a favorite of the CIA’s “wet” teams. It ignites instantly, immediately burns with white hot intensity, and consumes, beyond all recognition, everything in its path — thereby destroying all possible forensic evidence — and covering, as well as one can possibly imagine, the trail of assassins (like this particular “wet” team) who want to try and claim later that their actual mass murder was merely a “mass suicide” or a “tragic accident.”
CIA “wet” teams have also been known to corner their intended targets into a closed quarter, and then throw “Willie Peter” into their midst, so that these victims are instantly immolated right before the teams eyes.
The fire which “Willie Peter” produces is so intense, and the combustion so complete, that victims — as was the case here in Waco — can only be identified by their dental records.
But here, because the team itself was inside the closed quarters, they had to use delayed timing devices on the “Willie Peter” canisters — to give themselves time to make their own exit before the entire compound was consumed in the monumental conflagration we all watched in horror on television.
19) Notice that this explanation of how the fires started comports with the observations on the scene — with what the television cameras at ground level recorded, and with what the military helicopters and their infrared cameras overhead observed — i.e., that 3 or 4 fires started simultaneously at different places in the compound. And then these separate fires spread rapidly (because of the wood construction, the straw which was everywhere, the high winds, and the white hot “Willie Peter” incendiary devices which had started these separate blazes in the first place), until they became united into a cohesive whole, involving the entire compound, which became far more destructive than the sum of these separate smaller fires, until it ultimately became a massive conflagration which consumed everything in sight.
One possible contrary explanation, which has been offered by commentators and the “tragic accident theory” advocates, is that the tear gas sprayed into the compound by the tanks…(ignoring the fact that what was injected was NOT just tear gas but a tear gas/nerve gas combination) was itself a combustible substance, that one of the tanks, in punching holes in the exterior walls, had accidentally knocked over a kerosene lantern or container, and that the kerosene had then ignited the tear gas, which resulted in the conflagration.
This “tragic accident” theory, however, simply does NOT square with the known facts, preserved on videotape, because the compound did NOT explode into a massive fireball all at once (as would have been the case if the tear gas itself had been combustible, and had ignited by a torch, like lighted kerosene).
20) The other point to be made here is that, while the “wet” team did kill many of those inside the compound prior to setting the fires (by means of the “Willie Peter” canisters on delayed timing devices, discussed above) they apparently did NOT murder (at least, directly) ALL of the 86 men, women and children who ultimately died in the tragedy — meaning that many of those who died were left paralyzed by the nerve gas, unable to get up or free themselves from this disaster in progress, and were thus consigned to being consumed alive in the giant conflagration brought on by the white phosphorus.
And those consigned to this horrible fiery fate — being burned alive — apparently included men, women and children.
 NOTE WELL
21) The bottom line here is that 86 men, women and children died — i.e. they were murdered — in the Branch Davidian compound on Monday, April 19th, 1993 — ALL at the hands of the 4 members of this CIA “wet” team, operating under cover of the “Delta Force”.
22) The bottom line is also that high-ranking officials in our government… 
— though NOT yourself, Attorney General Reno, and NOT President Clinton —
…including senior Reagan and Bush Administration holdovers in the Justice Department, the FBI, the BATF, the Pentagon and the CIA — all knew in advance of this Waco operation was designed from the start to be a mass murder in which only those few individuals whom the CIA had targeted in advance to be saved would be allowed to survive — and that ALL of the other 86 men, women and children in the compound would be murdered in cold blood by these CIA Delta Force assassins.
23) I mentioned on page 30 above that one of the uses the CIA makes of its mind control sophistication is to implant memory blocks into the subconscious memories of its top professional assassins — in order to allow them to live with what they have done, and NOT to be overcome by flashbacks and nightmares of their “handiwork.”
Note Well: But I have been informed that those memory blocks are NOT holding very well in this instance and that some or all of the four (4) members of this particular “wet” team are sickened by what they were ordered to do, and what they did, in fact, “accomplish”, in Waco on April 19th. To these hardened, seasoned professional assassins, it was all “too easy”. The people inside the compound (as a result of the nerve gas) simply “never had a chance.”
See the postscript to this document at:
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?ID=36
 
 
 
ProphecyApril 24, 2006
Joseph Cannon – Cannonfire Blogspot January 30, 2006
 I still cannot return to regular posting. Give me another week or so.
Right now, I’m going to make a confession. I’m going to put a troubling matter “on the record.” I do so with some hesitation, since the business under discussion could ruin whatever small reputation I may have gained.
The question of the day comes down to this: Do you believe in ESP?
I grew up immersed in Fox Mulder-ish lore (Tom Delay wasn’t kidding when he said that sites like mine belonged to the “X-Files” wing of the Democratic party), but over the years, my attitude slid into skepticism. I’ve met a lot of people who claimed to have had preternatural experiences or abilities. These claimants invariably turned out to be irritating and unreliable.
Magic? UFOs? Ghosts? Visions of the Virgin Mary? The internet and your local library abound with many a wild story, but proof remains unobtainable. Even the best-attested incidents become less impressive upon close examination.
I thus segued into cynicism and curmudgeon-hood.
(Yes, my ladyfriend and I have a tradition of dining out at “haunted” restaurants on Halloween, but we do so out of a sense of romance and fun. We don’t expect to see anything.)
Curmudgeon that I became (and remain), I still tended to place ESP in the “maybe” category, if only because Dr. J.B. Rhine and other scientists have claimed to validate the existence of the phenomenon in the laboratory. (By the by: Did you know that Sir Richard Burton coined the term “ESP”?) On the other hand, scientists such as Dr. Susan Blackmore have persuasively disputed the existence of the phenomenon. (See here and here; if you’ll click the latter link, you’ll discover that the hard-headed Dr. Blackmore sports a rather surprising look these days.)
As I said: I came to view ESP as a maybe. Not a likelihood, but a possibility.
And then I met a woman (no, not my current ladyfriend) who transformed that “maybe” into an “almost certainly.” Here’s the catch: While this woman was able to prove her ability to me, she could not do so in a way that allows me to prove it to you.
That’s the hell of it. By her own account, whatever ability she once possessed always manifested itself in spurts — rare spurts. She could never turn on the spigot at will.
Remember the old Chuck Jones cartoon starring “Michigan J. Frog”? The amphibian who could sing “Hello, my baby” — but only to an audience of one? The moment an audience showed up, the magic stopped.
Hate to admit it, but this story is one of those stories.
I hope I haven’t yet alienated all of my readers. Because in this case, the singing frog predicted World War III.
 The wake-up call
In July of 1999, the woman with whom I was romantically involved at that time — call her Gabrielle — woke up, woke me up, and announced that she had just had an exceptionally vivid dream. A prophetic dream.
A dream in which airplanes flew into the World Trade Center — “or buildings like the World Trade Center.”
I had met Gabrielle over the internet; she was visiting me from out of state. As mentioned earlier, she claimed to have had psychic experiences, especially when younger, although those experiences had tapered off in recent years. The stories she told me about the earlier days were weird and fascinating — and, of course, unprovable. I made no secret of my stance on ESP: I had become a cynic, but even so…maybe. She understood that, for the most part, I was now much more of a Scully than a Mulder.
And that’s why I immediately looked for a conventional explanation for her nightmarish vision of disaster striking the World Trade Center.
I immediately presumed that her dreaming mind had merely processed images from a half-forgotten news account. “Maybe you’re thinking about the time a jet crashed near LAX,” I suggested, referring to an incident from the 1980s.
(Nota bene: For purposes of readability, this account will include snatches of dialogue. The quotes are as exact as memory allows. Obviously, I didn’t have a tape recorder running.)
No, she answered. Not low buildings. “That happens later. It won’t be what they say it is.”
The main vision, she insisted, involved skyscrapers. “Like the World Trade Center.”
She saw people jumping. Then the buildings would tumble to the ground.
Gabrielle spoke to me for about twenty minutes or so. Her voice and her eyes were odd. She seemed hypnotized. I never saw her act quite that way on any other occasion.
To be honest, I must specify that, throughout this conversation, she almost always referred to buildings “like” the World Trade Center; she confessed that she could not even be sure that the event would take place in New York City, although she did describe a cloud of smoke over the water. “I think it is the World Trade Center,” she said at one point.
Naturally, I wanted to know who would commit such an act. “It won’t be who they say it is,” she answered. (Emphasis added)
She mentioned that there would be a war in Iraq as a result, even though Iraq would not be responsible. (She also mentioned Saudi Arabia, but the reference was quite vague. I could not discern how that country figured into this scenario.)
Then I brought up an unpleasant matter that had dominated a previous series of allegedly prophetic dreams.
What comes next
Before continuing, I should fill in some more backstory.
In the mid-1990s, before she met me, Gabrielle had had a series of troubling dreams depicting a “small” nuclear explosion in Chicago. In each dream, she viewed the event from a closer perspective. In one dream, she saw it from the point of view of a reporter flying in a commercial airliner not far from the event.
I was not the only person to whom Gabrielle described these dreams, which she considered visionary and predictive. She and I had discussed these dreams at some length (via IRC) well before we ever met. (I may have a log of the chat on a disc somewhere, although I have yet to find it.) I believe she discussed these forecasts with members of her family, although the person with whom she confided at greatest length passed away recently.
She stopped having those dreams a year or two before she met me, and presumed (for whatever reason) that she would never again have a major psychic experience.
That presumption seems to have been premature. Here she was, in a trance-like state after having awakened from a vivid dream of the the World Trade Center’s collapse.
Naturally, I wanted to know if the New York event was connected with the nuclear event in Chicago. Yes, she said. In a way. But the explosion in Chicago would happen later.
(Incidentally, Gabrielle spent her life in a small town in the Pacific northwest, and had not traveled to either New York or Chicago — in fact, she almost never left her home state. Oddly enough, I’ve never visited either of those two cities myself, although I’ve seen many other parts of the country.)
Would the same people be responsible for both events, I asked?
Not really, she answered, although the events are linked. In both cases, she emphasized, “it won’t be who they say it is.” (Emphasis added)
“Terrorists?”
“Yes and no. It’s like people from the government are involved. Or at least they know about it.”
She said that the public would be told that Iran was responsible for the Chicago event. “After that, it’s World War Three.”
She intimated that things would not play out the way “they” planned, and that the war would spin out of all control.
I asked for more details about the “small” nuclear event in Chicago. She mentioned the Sears tower.
Water played a role in the scenario she envisioned; the device would be transported via boat. I reminded her that Chicago is on one of the Great Lakes. (For some reason, I couldn’t remember which one!) She said that the boat would not be on a lake. “You know those movable bridges?” she asked. One of those bridges had something to do with the event.
“You know that picture of the farmer and his wife?” she asked. I took this as a reference to Grant Wood’s American Gothic, which I once saw on loan in San Francisco. (Incidentally, the woman in the painting is actually the man’s sister.) I vaguely recalled that the work’s “home” is in Chicago. She felt that the painting would be destroyed by the blast, and that we would subsequently see the image reproduced ad infinitum in news accounts.
(One doesn’t need ESP to foresee how the lost work would take on symbolic, even propagandistic, value.)
Since her unusual trance-like state might never occur again, I attempted to pinpoint a date for these events. She could give neither year nor month, although she insisted that the Chicago event would occur after the fall of the skyscrapers in New York City. (She did not intimate how long after; for some reason, I came under the impression that the two events would occur within fairly quick order.)
“Who is the president when the bomb goes off in Chicago?” I asked.
A long pause. Then she asked: “Is there someone named Kerry?”
I told her that there were two guys with that name in the senate, and that she was probably thinking of Bob Kerrey, who had run against Bill Clinton in the 1992 primaries. But I also told her that a new Kerrey run was damn near impossible, since Gore would surely have the nomination sewed up.
Keep in mind: This conversation took place in late July of 1999. I thought entirely in terms of the 2000 election.
I decided to try to get at the chronology from another angle. “Who’s the president when the planes hit buildings in New York?”
“Bush,” she said. That answer made sense. I didn’t like it, but it made sense.
I asked if she foresaw a match-up between Bob Kerrey and George W. Bush in 2000. She seemed puzzled, and said no. That path of inquiry seemed exhausted, so I dropped it.
“When the bomb goes off in Chicago, do you see snow?” She didn’t. It won’t happen in the winter.
She said there may be still another event on the west coast — perhaps in Los Angeles, perhaps elsewhere. This event would also involve another tall building. But she had no other details this incident, and felt less certain of this business than of the disasters in New York and Chicago.
Then she fell back asleep! And I mean fell. She plopped back down on the bed, and was unconscious within seconds.
 Aftermath
When she awoke, she had little recollection of the dream or of the subsequent conversation.
That night, I took her to see downtown Los Angeles, to see if any of the buildings in that area “resonated.” None of the sights there seemed to coalesce with her vague forebodings of a West Coast event, although she did spend a long time drinking in the cityscape visible from the overpass leading to the Bonaventure. (That sight must have made quite an impression on a small-town girl.)
Later, we visited San Francisco. While dining on Fisherman’s Wharf, she told me that the west coast event would happen in that city, if it happened at all. The Transamerica building and the Bank of America building both seemed to unsettle her, particularly the latter. Perhaps her reaction can be ascribed to the unusual architecture. I should emphasize that she is not a “sensitive” person who becomes unsettled easily.
Our relationship ended shortly afterward.
The fault was entirely mine. If my readers knew just how badly I treated her, those who bear some affection for my writings would form a new opinion. That’s one reason I’ve always hesitated to discuss Gabrielle’s forecast: Anyone attempting to contact her for verification purposes would hear quite an earful about what a bastard I was. My behavior at that time was inexcusable; the world need know nothing more.
Before the break-up occurred, the thought occurred to me that I should describe her “prophecy” (if I may use that word) online before the event, just in case something really did happen to the World Trade Center or the Sears building. But at the time, her description seemed too vague, too contradictory. The fact that she had mentioned both Kerry/Kerrey and Bush as presidents had led me to dismiss the likelihood of all that she had told me. I simply did not consider the possibility that the two “main events” might be widely separated in time.
Here’s where we encounter the “Michigan J. Frog” effect.
I mentioned the prediction of a strike against the World Trade Center to only one friend before the event. Alas, he does not now recall my having done so. Of course, after September 11, 2001, I told a number of people about Gabrielle’s prediction, and I described her forecast of a “small” nuclear bomb taking out the Sears Tower.
Gabrielle married a man much better than I am. He’s a rational-minded “Skeptical Inquirer” type, a member of the local atheists’ society, and rather opposed to all talk of ESP and similar matters (or so I gather). Consequently, Gabrielle does not now like to discuss her previous claims of psychic experiences.
Some months ago, I contacted her via email, and wrote up a lengthy description of the conversation described above. In one reply, she said she had only vague recollection of a dream involving the World Trade Center. In a second response, she denied that she had ever had such a predictive dream, and she does not remember any part of the conversation that followed.
Her message was rather testy. Lord knows I gave her good reason to feel that way.
(At least she still admits that she once had a series of dreams involving the Chicago event. Of course, she has discussed those dreams with several people.)
Perhaps the prankster gods of fate have decreed that “proof” of ESP always comes in an individualized fashion. Gabrielle convinced me that the ability exists. But I cannot convince you. If you have not experienced anything like the incident related above, you should be extremely skeptical of this story.
So why did I write this column?
Certainly not because I plan to turn this blog into a forum for discussion of ESP! Frankly, I hope never to mention the topic again.
Nevertheless…ever since the “jets flying into skyscrapers” forecast came true, I’ve believed that the Chicago event would also come to pass. Perhaps the “West coast” event will take place as well, although Gabrielle seemed far less certain of that prediction.
Although I’ve made fleeting references to the Chicago event in previous posts, I’ve never described in detail why I believe a bomb will go off in that area.
Today, of course, we have an administration which has sent unmistakable signals of its intention to conquer Iran. Cheney has pretty much confessed that there are plans afoot to have Israel launch a strike against a putative Iranian nuclear facility. If — when — such an airstrike occurs, most Americans will naturally presume that Iranians deserve the blame for any subsequent terror strike within America’s borders.
Progressives will no doubt frame the debate in a shortsighted fashion. They will claim that Bush/Israeli adventurism created the nuclear counterstrike. But if Gabrielle’s vision really does prove to be predictive, then the matter will go far deeper.
Throughout her conversation with me, Gabrielle insisted on one important detail: The media and the administration will not tell the American people the truth about the individuals responsible for setting off a “small” nuclear device in Chicago. Fingers will point to the wrong party. (Emphasis added)
I hope this event never comes to pass.
I hope ESP does not exist. I hope that Gabrielle’s 1999 dream about planes flying into “buildings like the World Trade Center” was mere coincidence. I hope that, years from now, this column will be viewed as the product of a paranoid person living in a paranoid era.
By all means, laugh at what I’ve just written. I hope one day to laugh along with you.
http://cannonfire.blogspot.com/2005/01/prophecy.html
The Marijuana TrickNovember 17, 2005
Doug Yurchey
And I will raise up for them a plant of renown, and they shall be no more consumed with hunger in the land. – Ezekiel 34/29
 
Where did the word ‘marijuana’ come from? In the mid 1930s, the M-word was created to tarnish the good image and phenomenal history of the hemp plant…as you will read. The facts cited here, with references, are generally verifiable in the Encyclopaedia Britannica which was printed on hemp paper for 150 years:
* All schoolbooks were made from hemp or flax paper until the 1880s; Hemp Paper Reconsidered, Jack Frazier, 1974.
* It was LEGAL TO PAY TAXES WITH HEMP in America from 1631 until the early 1800s; LA Times, Aug. 12, 1981.
* REFUSING TO GROW HEMP in America during the 17th and 18th Centuries WAS AGAINST THE LAW! You could be jailed in Virginia for refusing to grow hemp from 1763 to 1769; Hemp in Colonial Virginia, G. M. Herdon.
* George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and other founding fathers GREW HEMP; Washington and Jefferson Diaries. Jefferson smuggled hemp seeds from China to France then to America.
* Benjamin Franklin owned one of the first paper mills in America and it processed hemp. Also, the War of 1812 was fought over hemp. Napoleon wanted to cut off Moscow’s export to England; Emperor Wears No Clothes, Jack Herer.
* For thousands of years, 90% of all ships’ sails and rope were made from hemp. The word ‘canvas’ is Dutch for hemp; Webster’s New World Dictionary.
* 80% of all textiles, fabrics, clothes, linen, drapes, bed sheets, etc. were made from hemp until the 1820s with the introduction of the cotton gin.
* The first Bibles, maps, charts, Betsy Ross’s flag, the first drafts of the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution were made from hemp; U.S. Government Archives.
* The first crop grown in many states was hemp. 1850 was a peak year for Kentucky producing 40,000 tons. Hemp was the largest cash crop until the 20th Century; State Archives.
* Oldest known records of hemp farming go back 5000 years in China, although hemp industrialization probably goes back to ancient Egypt.
* Rembrandts, Gainsborough’s, Van Gogh’s as well as most early canvas paintings were principally painted on hemp linen.
* In 1916, the U.S. Government predicted that by the 1940s all paper would come from hemp and that no more trees need to be cut down. Government studies report that 1 acre of hemp equals 4.1 acres of trees. Plans were in the works to implement such programs; Department of Agriculture
* Quality paints and varnishes were made from hemp seed oil until 1937. 58,000 tons of hemp seeds were used in America for paint products in 1935; Sherman Williams Paint Co. testimony before Congress against the 1937 Marijuana Tax Act.
* Henry Ford’s first Model-T was built to run on hemp gasoline and the CAR ITSELF WAS CONTRUCTED FROM HEMP! On his large estate, Ford was photographed among his hemp fields. The car, ‘grown from the soil,’ had hemp plastic panels whose impact strength was 10 times stronger than steel; Popular Mechanics, 1941.
* Hemp called ‘Billion Dollar Crop.’ It was the first time a cash crop had a business potential to exceed a billion dollars; Popular Mechanics, Feb., 1938.
* Mechanical Engineering Magazine (Feb. 1938) published an article entitled ‘The Most Profitable and Desirable Crop that Can be Grown.’ It stated that if hemp was cultivated using 20th Century technology, it would be the single largest agricultural crop in the U.S. and the rest of the world.
The following information comes directly from the United States Department of Agriculture’s 1942 14-minute film encouraging and instructing ‘patriotic American farmers’ to grow 350,000 acres of hemp each year for the war effort:
‘…(When) Grecian temples were new, hemp was already old in the service of mankind. For thousands of years, even then, this plant had been grown for cordage and cloth in China and elsewhere in the East. For centuries prior to about 1850, all the ships that sailed the western seas were rigged with hempen rope and sails. For the sailor, no less than the hangman, hemp was indispensable…
…Now with Philippine and East Indian sources of hemp in the hands of the Japanese…American hemp must meet the needs of our Army and Navy as well as of our industries…
…the Navy’s rapidly dwindling reserves. When that is gone, American hemp will go on duty again; hemp for mooring ships; hemp for tow lines; hemp for tackle and gear; hemp for countless naval uses both on ship and shore. Just as in the days when Old Ironsides sailed the seas victorious with her hempen shrouds and hempen sails. Hemp for victory!’
Certified proof from the Library of Congress; found by the research of Jack Herer, refuting claims of other government agencies that the 1942 USDA film ‘Hemp for Victory’ did not exist.
Hemp cultivation and production do not harm the environment. The USDA Bulletin #404 concluded that hemp produces 4 times as much pulp as wood with at least 4 to 7 times less pollution.
From Popular Mechanics, Feb. 1938:
‘It has a short growing season…It can be grown in any state…The long roots penetrate and break the soil to leave it in perfect condition for the next year’s crop. The dense shock of leaves, 8 to 12 feet above the ground, chokes out weeds.
…hemp, this new crop can add immeasurably to American agriculture and industry.’
In the 1930s, innovations in farm machinery would have caused an industrial revolution when applied to hemp. This single resource could have created millions of new jobs generating thousands of quality products. Hemp, if not made illegal, would have brought America out of the Great Depression.
William Randolph Hearst (Citizen Kane) and the Hearst Paper Manufacturing Division of Kimberly Clark owned vast acreage of timberlands. The Hearst Company supplied most paper products. Patty Hearst’s grandfather, a destroyer of nature for his own personal profit, stood to lose billions because of hemp.
In 1937, Dupont patented the processes to make plastics from oil and coal. Dupont’s Annual Report urged stockholders to invest in its new petrochemical division. Synthetics such as plastics, cellophane, celluloid, methanol, nylon, rayon, Dacron, etc., could now be made from oil. Natural hemp industrialization would have ruined over 80% of Dupont’s business.
 THE TRICKS
Andrew Mellon became Hoover’s Secretary of the Treasury and Dupont’s primary investor. He appointed his future nephew-in-law, Harry J. Anslinger, to head the Federal Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs.
Secret meetings were held by these financial tycoons. Hemp was declared dangerous and a threat to their billion dollar enterprises. For their dynasties to remain intact, hemp had to go. These men took an obscure Mexican slang word: ‘marihuana’ and pushed it into the consciousness of America.
 MEDIA MANIPULATION
A media blitz of ‘yellow journalism’ raged in the late 1920s and 1930s. Hearst’s newspapers ran stories emphasizing the horrors of marihuana. The menace of marihuana made headlines. Readers learned that it was responsible for everything from car accidents to loose morality.
Films like ‘Reefer Madness’ (1936), ‘Marihuana: Assassin of Youth’ (1935) and ‘Marihuana: The Devil’s Weed’ (1936) were propaganda designed by these industrialists to create an enemy. Their purpose was to gain public support so that anti-marihuana laws could be passed.
Examine the following quotes from ‘The Burning Question’ aka REEFER
MADNESS:
*a violent narcotic.
*acts of shocking violence.
*incurable insanity.
*soul-destroying effects.
*under the influence of the drug he killed his entire family with an axe.
*more vicious, more deadly even than these soul-destroying drugs (heroin, cocaine) is the menace of marihuana!
Reefer Madness did not end with the usual ‘the end.’ The film concluded with these words plastered on the screen: TELL YOUR CHILDREN.
In the 1930s, people were very naive; even to the point of ignorance. The masses were like sheep waiting to be led by the few in power. They did not challenge authority. If the news was in print or on the radio, they believed it had to be true. They told their children and their children grew up to be the parents of the baby-boomers.
On April 14, 1937, the Prohibitive Marihuana Tax Law or the bill that outlawed hemp was directly brought to the House Ways and Means Committee. This committee is the only one that can introduce a bill to the House floor without it being debated by other committees. The Chairman of the Ways and Means, Robert Doughton, was a Dupont supporter. He insured that the bill would pass Congress.
Dr. James Woodward, a physician and attorney, testified too late on behalf of the American Medical Association. He told the committee that the reason the AMA had not denounced the Marihuana Tax Law sooner was that the Association had just discovered that marihuana was/is hemp.
Few people, at the time, realized that the deadly menace they had been reading about on Hearst’s front pages was in fact passive hemp. The AMA understood hemp to be a MEDICINE found in numerous healing products sold over the last hundred years.
In September of 1937, hemp became illegal. The most useful crop known became a drug and our planet has been suffering ever since.
Congress banned hemp because it was said to be the most violence-causing drug known. Anslinger, head of the Drug Commission for 31 years, promoted the idea that marihuana made users act extremely violent. In the 1950s, under the Communist threat of McCarthyism, Anslinger now said the exact opposite. Marijuana will pacify you so much that soldiers would not want to fight.
Today, our planet is in desperate trouble. Earth is suffocating as large tracts of rain forests disappear. Pollution, poisons and chemicals are killing people. These great problems could be reversed if we industrialized hemp. Natural biomass could provide all of the planet’s energy needs that are currently supplied by fossil fuels. We have consumed 80% of our oil and gas reserves. We need a renewable resource. Hemp could be the solution to soaring gas prices.
 THE WONDER PLANT
Hemp has a higher quality fiber than wood fiber. Far fewer caustic chemicals are required to make paper from hemp than from trees. Hemp paper does not turn yellow and is very durable. The plant grows quickly to maturity in a season where trees take a lifetime.
ALL PLASTIC PRODUCTS SHOULD BE MADE FROM HEMP SEED OIL. Hempen plastics are biodegradable! Over time, they would break down and not harm the environment. Oil-based plastics, the ones we are very familiar with, help ruin nature; they do not break down and will do great harm in the future. The process to produce the vast array of natural (hempen) plastics will not ruin the rivers as Dupont and other petrochemical companies have done. Ecology does not fit in with the plans of the Oil Industry and the political machine. Hemp products are safe and natural.
MEDICINES SHOULD BE MADE FROM HEMP. We should go back to the days when the AMA supported hemp cures. ‘Medical Marijuana’ is given out legally to only a handful of people while the rest of us are forced into a system that relies on chemicals. Hemp is only healthy for the human body.
WORLD HUNGER COULD END. A large variety of food products can be generated from hemp. The seeds contain one of the highest sources of protein in nature. ALSO: They have two essential fatty acids that clean your body of cholesterol. These essential fatty acids are not found anywhere else in nature! Consuming hemp seeds is the best thing you could do for your body. Eat uncooked hemp seeds.
CLOTHES SHOULD BE MADE FROM HEMP. Hemp clothing is extremely strong and durable over time. You could hand clothing, made from hemp, down to your grandchildren. Today, there are American companies that make hemp clothing; usually 50% hemp. Hemp fabrics should be everywhere. Instead, they are almost underground. Superior hemp products are not allowed to advertise on fascist television. Kentucky, once the top hemp producing state, made it ILLEGAL TO WEAR hemp clothing! Can you imagine being thrown into jail for wearing quality jeans?
The world is crazy…but that does not mean you have to join the insanity. Get together. Spread the news. Tell people, and that includes your children, the truth. Use hemp products. Eliminate the word ‘marijuana.’ Realize the history that created it. Make it politically incorrect to say or print the M-word. Fight against the propaganda (designed to favor the agenda of the super rich) and the bullshit. Hemp must be utilized in the future. We need a clean energy source to save our planet. INDUSTRIALIZE HEMP!
The liquor, tobacco and oil companies fund more than a million dollars a day to Partnership for a Drug-Free America and other similar agencies. We have all seen their commercials. Now, their motto is: ‘It’s more dangerous than we thought.’ Lies from the powerful corporations, that began with Hearst, are still alive and well today.
The brainwashing continues. Now, the commercials say: If you buy a joint, you contribute to murders and gang wars. The latest anti-hemp commercials say: If you buy a joint…you are promoting TERRORISM! The new enemy (terrorism) has paved the road to brainwash you any way THEY see fit.
There is only one enemy; the friendly people you pay your taxes to; the war-makers and nature destroyers. With your funding, they are killing the world right in front of your eyes. HALF A MILLION DEATHS EACH YEAR ARE CAUSED BY TOBACCO. HALF A MILLION DEATHS EACH YEAR ARE CAUSED BY ALCOHOL.
Ingesting THC, hemp’s active agent, has a positive effect; relieving asthma and glaucoma. A joint tends to alleviate the nausea caused by chemotherapy. You are able to eat on hemp. This is a healthy state of being.
The hemp plant is an ALIEN plant. There is physical evidence that hemp is not like any other plant on this planet. One could conclude that it was brought here for the benefit of humanity. Hemp is the ONLY plant where the males appear one way and the females appear very different, physically! No one ever speaks of males and females in regard to the plant kingdom because plants do not show their sexes; except for hemp. To determine what sex a certain, normal, Earthly plant is: You have to look internally, at its DNA. A male blade of grass (physically) looks exactly like a female blade of grass. The hemp plant has an intense sexuality.
HEMP IS ILLEGAL BECAUSE BILLIONAIRES WANT TO REMAIN BILLIONAIRES!
 
Also see: 


Cannabis found to lower IQ of young


‘Cannabis doubles psychosis risk’
 

 
Adam WeishauptJune 29, 2005
Joseph Trainor
I can practically guarantee you’ll never see this article in Reader’s Digest. But I love to do these Digest-style biographies of famous people in the paranormal field, so here goes. He’s been called many things. The Abbe Barruel called him “a human devil.” Thomas Jefferson called him “a harmless philanthropist.” Prof. John Robinson called him “the profoundest conspirator that ever existed.” But what’s the real story behind the man who simply called himself “Brother Spartacus?” Adam Weishaupt was born on February 6, 1748 in Ingolstadt, a city in Bayern (Bavaria), Germany, which was then an independent kingdom. When he was a baby, his parents, who had been Orthodox Jews, converted to the Roman Catholic Church. Instead of attending the yeshiva, Adam attended monastery schools and later a hochschule (high school) run by the Society of Jesus.
As a Bavarian, Adam learned Czech and Italian as a child, and in school, he soon mastered Latin, Greek and, with his father’s help, Hebrew. With his avid scholarship and knack for languages, his Jesuit superiors thought he would be a natural for overseas missionary work, perhaps in the Americas or in Asia. But Adam rebelled against Jesuit discipline, resisted their overtures and eventually became the professor of canon law at the University of Ingolstadt. Beginning around 1768, Adam began “the collection of a large library for the purpose of establishing an academy of scholars.” He read every ancient manuscript and text he and his associates could lay hands on. Adam grew interested in the occult, becoming obsessed with the Great Pyramid of Giza.
He was convinced that the edifice was a prehistoric temple of initiation. In 1770, he made the acquaintance of Franz Kolmer, a Danish merchant who had lived for many years in Alexandria and had made several trips to Giza.. The following year, 1771, Adam decided to found a secret society aimed at “transforming” the human race. He devoted five years to thinking out the plan, borrowing from many different occult sources. His first name for the proposed order, Perfectibilisen, suggests that he borrowed from the Cathars, a gnostic religion that flourished in Europe for four hundred years. The Cathars, whose name means “perfect ones,” were decimated in the Albigensian Crusade of Pope Innocent III during the early Thirteenth Century. Adam fashioned his order in the form of (what else?) a pyramid.
“Its members, pledged to obedience to their superiors, were divided into three main classes; the first including novices, minervals and lesser illuminati the second consisting,” like the Freemasons, of “ordinary, Scottish and Scottish Knights, and the third, or mystery class, comprising two grades of priest and regent, and of magus and king,” or Illuminatus Rex. This hierarchy, incidentally, is identical to the table of organization of the Sufis of Islam, which has some historians wondering if Adam’s friend Kolmer was a closet Sufi. The Illuminati were a closemouthed bunch. “Every candidate had to give a written promise to tell nobody of this society. He learned nothing of his superiors and of the origin of the society, but was confirmed in the belief that the order could be traced back to antiquity and that its members included even popes and cardinals.” He further vowed eternal silence and strict obedience.
Every month he had to send a report to his superior, “whom he did not know.” Adam felt that human society had grown hopelessly corrupt and that it could only be saved by a complete overhaul. In effect, he was the first utopian to think on a global scale, and he looked forward to the day his group would bring about the Novus Ordo Seclorum, sometimes called the New World Order. The Illuminati had five goals, including “(a) Abolition of monarchies and all ordered governments, (2) Abolition of private property and inheritances, (3) Abolition of patriotism and nationalism, (4) Abolition of family life and the institution of marriage, and the establishment of communal education of children. (5) Abolition of all religion.” By drawing upon Europe’s “best and brightest,” Adam was confident that the order could attain its goals. He wrote, “The pupils are convinced that the Order will rule the world. Every member therefore becomes a ruler. We all think of ourselves as qualified to rule. It is therefore an alluring thought both to good and bad men. Therefore the Order will spread.”
He also urged his followers not to shrink from committing violence or criminal acts in meeting Illuminati objectives, writing, “Sin is only that which is hurtful, and if the profit is greater than the damage, it becomes a virtue.” Recruitment proceeded at a brisk pace. Adam rallied many able lieutenants to his cause. Such as Baron Xavier von Zwack, who lobbied for the order in Germany and in Britain, too, with help from William Petty, the second Earl of Shelburne. And Baron Adolf von Knigge, who brokered a “shotgun marriage” between Illuminism and European Freemasonry at the Congress of Whilhelmsbad in 1782. By 1782, the Illuminati “had spread from Denmark to Portugal,” and even further afield. Illuminized Britons joined with like-minded Americans to found the Columbian Lodge in New York City that year. A young Russian nobleman, Alexander Radischev, joined the order in Leipzieg and carried the doctrines home to St. Petersburg.
In Lisboa (Lisbon), a poet named Claudio Manuel da Costa became a member and, upon returning home to Brazil, founded a chapter with two doctors from Ouro Preto, Domingos Vidal Barbosa and Jose Alvares Maciel. In 1788, this trio launched the first Illuminati uprising, the Inconfidencia Mineira, but the revolt was nipped in the bud by the viceroy, the Marquis de Barbacena. Meanwhile, back in Germany, Adam was learning that life as the Illuminatus Rex was not quite the paradise he’d envisioned. His long-time mistress became pregnant and insisted that he either pay up or marry her. Adam stalled, and the lady threatened to go public with the scandal. Baron von Knigge, who had given the Illuminatenorden a big boost by allying with Freemasonry, thought he should be rewarded by becoming Adam’s co-ruler in the order. Adam disagreed, and the resulting feud between the two men resulted in von Knigge quitting the order in 1784. To make matters worse, Illuminati writers Johann Herder and Johann G. Fichte had begun beating the drum for German unification. Their calls for “Ein volk und ein Reich” were completely out of sync with Adam’s plan to do away with nationalism. While Adam may have been a brilliant scholar, he lacked the leader’s touch. He was too high-handed and arrogant, disinclined to listen to the advice of subordinates.
These characteristics enraged some of the lesser Illuminati, such as Joseph Utschneider, and they awaited the day they would have their revenge. The day was not long in coming. An Illuminati courier was struck by lightning and killed. When the Bavarian police searched his body, they found coded messages from Weishaupt sewn into the clothes. At this critical juncture, Utschneider and his three companions came forward and told the Bavarian authorities all about the Illuminati. As a result, the King of Bavaria banned the order in August 1784. Fired from his position at the university, and accused of everything from treason to goat molestation, Adam fled Ingolstadt on horseback and went to Regensburg. When he found the people there equally hostile, he rode on to Gotha, where he was offered refuge by Duke Ernst II. An associate, Dr. Schwartz, loaded the order’s collection of Kabbalist, Cathar, Sufi and occult books into an ox-cart and begn the long journey eastward to Moscow.
Weishaupt’s escape to Gotha resembles the “midnight ride” of Paul Revere and William Dawes in 1775. And Dr. Schwartz’s trip to Moscow has its parallel in the wagon trains of the first Oregon pioneers. Maybe he should have put a sign on the cart–Mockba hhaye Khytekh, “Moscow or Bust.” The “profoundest conspirator that ever existed” lived out the rest of his life in exile in Gotha. He got into more mischief in the French Revolution with his friend and correspondent, Jean-Baptiste Willermoz, the Illuminatus of Lyons. And lived long enough to inspire new generations of Illuminati–Anacharsis Cloots, Francois Babeuf and Filippo Buonarotti, among others. Adam Weishaupt died on November 18, 1830 in Gotha. Even in death, he remains a figure of controversy. The Roman Catholic Encyclopedia of 1910 said Weishaupt repented on his deathbed and was reconciled with the Church. Author Gary Allen claimed that Adam was working on an essay on hermetic art magick, Two Fragments of a Ritual, when he suddenly dropped dead. Quien sabe?
Proper assessment of Adam’s role in history may have to wait a few more centuries, for a generation of more objective historians. His is still a hot-button name. Here in the USA, fundamentalist Christians consider Adam Weishaupt a kind of sinister John the Baptist, proclaiming the global Kingdom of Satan. And those who favor the New World Order… well, they don’t say much of anything. Mention the names “Adam Weishaupt” and “Illuminati,” and they tend to grit their teeth and scowl. For myself, whenever I think about Adam Weishaupt and his sect, the haunting question of Jesus Christ comes to mind. “Can an evil tree produce good fruit?”
(See The New World Order by Pat Robertson, Word Publishing, Dallas, Texas, 1991, pages 180 through 183; Einige Originalschriften des Illuminatenordens, Munich, 1786; and Essai sur la secte des Illuminees, by J.P.L. de la Roche de Maine, Paris, 1792.) http://ufoinfo.com/roundup/
Joseph Trainor,2000.
Footnote: John Robinson, a professor of natural philosophy at Edinburgh University in Scotland and a member of a Freemason Lodge there, said he had been asked to join the Illuminati. After consideration he concluded that the Illuminati were not for him. In 1798 he published a book called “Proofs of a Conspiracy” in which he wrote: “An association has been formed for the express purposes of rooting out all the religous establishments and overturning all existing goverments. . .the leaders would rule the World with uncontrollable power, while all the rest would be employed as tools of the ambition of their unknown superiors”. “Proofs of a Conspiracy” was sent to George Washington who replied that he was aware that the Illuminati were in America and that they had “diabolical tenets”. Ed.
The Mastermind Behind 911?February 11, 2005
 Stephen St. John – APFN June 10, Updated Dec 17, 2004  
With regard to Blueridge’s reference to remote control of 9/11 flights, please check out System Planning Corporation of Alexandria, Virginia. www.sysplan.com
System Planning Corporation designs, manufactures and distributes highly sophisticated technology that enables an operator to fly by remote control as many as eight different airborne vehicles at the same time from one position either on the ground or airborne. For those looking for an extraordinarily interesting hobby, please see photos and specs of this hardware (about the size of a small refrigerator)at www.sysplan.com/Radar/CTS Just be sure your mom doesn’t catch you causing havoc with the airlines.
Also, System Planning Corporation markets the technology to take over the controls of an airborne vehicle already in flight. For example, the Flight Termination System technology could hijack hijackers and bring the plane down safely. The Flight Termination System can be used in conjunction with the CTS technology that can control up to 8 airborne vehicles simultaneously. see www.sysplan.com/Radar/FTS Unfortunately, these systems as of yet are not able to prevent lyrics such as “When you get caught between the moon and New York City”!
The possibility of nefarious use of these brilliant technologies developed and deployed by Systems Planning Corporation certainly deserves careful consideration in any full and impartial investigation of what actually took place on 9/11.
In the context of 9/11 it also needs to be pointed out that Rabbi Dov Zakheim was Chief Executive Officer of System Planning Corporation’s International Division until President George W. Bush appointed him Undersecretary of Defense and Comptroller of the Pentagon. Not long before Rabbi Zakheim rose to power over the Pentagon’s labyrinthine, bottomless accounts, he co-authored an article entitled “Rebuilding America’s Defenses: Strategy, Forces and Resources for a New Century” which was published by The Project for a New American Century in September 2000, exactly a year before 9/11; in this article, on page 51, it is stated that “the process of transformation, even if it brings revolutionary change, is likely to be a long one, absent some catastrophic and catalyzing event – like a new Pearl Harbor”!
Voila! 9/11!
Well, there you have it! Motive, means and opportunity all rolled into one and existing between Rabbi Dov Zakheim’s ears. The motive was that a false flag intelligence operation would trigger a response by the USA that would be good for the Zionist state. The means consisted of the aforementioned remote control of airborne vehicle technologies as well as the nurturing, creative accounting at the Pentagon to pay for such an operation. The opportunity was Zakheim’s closeness to the Command/Control/Communications in our nation’s capital and its interwoven cousin network of psychopathic Zionist Neo-Cons all hell-bent on provoking a war with Saddam Hussein.
Unfortunately, it seems that the 9/11 commission is not looking in this direction when it ought to be.
http://disc.server.com/discussion.cgi?id=149495;article=57214;show_parent=1
Courtesy News Watcher and www.libertyforum.org

 
Postscript
In March this year, Rabbi Dov Zakheim resigned from his position at the Pentagon. Although he refused to tell journalists the exact reason for his departure, he hinted that his job as the Pentagon’s chief financial officer, controlling the flow of hundreds of millions of dollars, was exhausting.
Full aljazeera report:
Pentagon finance manager resigns
 Updated December 17, 2004
Thereafter Zakheim took a lucrative position as a vice president of the consultancy Booz Allen Hamilton. According to a May 6, 2004 press release, he will be an officer in Booz Allen’s “public sector” business. http://www.commondreams.org/views04/0709-06.htm
 Note:
“Booz, Allen, & Hamilton is a client for Blessed Relief, the charity said to be a front for Osama Bin Laden. Booz, Allen, & Hamilton also works closely with DARPA.”
Also see:
Electronically Hijacking the WTC Attack Aircraft
Coming CleanApril 29, 2004
From an airline mechanic
“For reasons you will understand as you read this I can not divulge my identity. I am an aircraft mechanic for a major airline. I work at one of our maintenance bases located at a large airport. I have discovered some information that I think you will find important.
First I should tell you something about the “pecking order” among mechanics. It is important to my story and to the cause to which you have dedicated yourself.
Mechanics want to work on three things. The avionics, the engines, or the flight controls. The mechanics that work on these systems are considered at the top of the “pecking order”. Next come the mechanics that work on the hydraulics and air conditioning systems. Then come the ones who work on the galley and other non-essential systems. But at the very bottom of the list are the mechanics that work on the waste disposal systems. No mechanic wants to work on the pumps, tanks, and pipes that are used to store the waste from the lavatories.
But at every airport where I have worked there are always 2 or 3 mechanics that volunteer to work on the lavatory systems. The other mechanics are happy to let them do it. Because of this you will have only 2 or 3 mechanics that work on these systems at any one airport. No one pays much attention to these guys and no mechanic socializes with another mechanic who only works on the waste systems. In fact I had never thought much about this situation until last month.
Like most airlines we have reciprocal agreements with the other airlines that fly into this airport. If they have a problem with a plane one of our mechanics will take care of it. Likewise if one of our planes has a problem at an airport where the other airline has a maintenance base, they will fix our plane.
One day last month I was called out from our base to work on a plane for another airline. When I got the call the dispatcher did not know what the problem was. When I got to the plane I found out that the problem was in waste disposal system.
There was nothing for me to do but to crawl in and fix the problem. When I got into the bay I realized that something was not right. There were more tanks, pumps, and pipes then should have been there. At first I assumed that the system had been changed. It had been 10 years since I had worked on one. As I tried to find the problem I quickly realized the extra piping and tanks were not connected to the waste disposal system. I had just discovered this when another mechanic from my company showed up.
It was one of the mechanics who usually works on these systems. I happily turned the job over to him. As I was leaving I asked him about the extra equipment. He told me to “worry about my end of the plane and let him worry about his!”
The next day I was on the company computer to look up a wiring schematic. While I was there I decided to look up the extra equipment I had found. To my amazement the manuals did not show any of the extra equipment I had seen with my own eyes the day before. I even tied in to the manufacturer files and still found nothing. Now I was really determined to find out what that equipment did.
The next week we had three of our planes in our main hanger for periodic inspection. There are mechanics crawling all over a plane during these inspections. I had just finished my shift and I decided to have a look at the waste system on one of our planes. With all the mechanics around I figured that no one would notice an extra one on the plane. Sure enough, the plane I choose had the extra equipment!
I began to trace the system of pipes, pumps, and tanks. I found what appeared to be the control unit for the system. It was a standard looking avionics control box but it had no markings of any kind. I could trace the control wires from the box to the pumps and valves but there were no control circuits coming into the unit. The only wires coming Into the unit was a power connection to the aircraft’s main power bus.
The system had 1 large and 2 smaller tanks. It was hard to tell in the cramped compartment but it looked like the large tank could hold 50 gallons. The tanks were connected to a fill and drain valve that passed through the fuselage just behind the drain valve for the waste system. When I had a chance to look for this connection under the plane I found it cunningly hidden behind a panel under the panel used to access the waste drain.
I began to trace the piping from the pumps. These pipes lead to a network of small pipes that ended in the trailing edges of the wings and horizontal stabilizers. If you look closely at the wings of a large airplane you will see a set of wires, about the size of your finger, extending from the trailing edge of the wing surfaces. These are the static discharge wicks. They are used to dissipate the static electric charge that builds up on a plane in flight. I discovered that the pipes from this mystery system lead to every 1 out of 3 of these static discharge wicks. These wicks had been “hollowed out” to allow whatever flows through these pipes to be discharged through these fake wicks.
It was while I was on the wing that one of the managers spotted me. He ordered me out of the hanger telling me that my shift was over and I had not been authorized any overtime.
The next couple of days were very busy and I had no time to continue my investigation. Late one afternoon, two days after my discovery, I was called to replace an engine temperature sensor on a plane due to take off in two hours. I finished the job and turned in the paperwork.
About 30 minutes later I was paged to see the General Manager. When I went in his office I found that our union rep and two others who I did not know were waiting on me. He told me that a serious problem had been discovered. He said that I was being written up and suspended for turning in false paperwork. He handed me a disciplinary form stating that I had turned in false paperwork on the engine temperature sensor I had installed a few hours before. I was floored and began to protest. I told them that this was ridiculous and that I had done this work. The union rep spoke up then and recommended that we take a look at the plane and see if we could straighten it all out. It was at this time that I asked who the other two men were. The GM told me that they were airline safety inspectors but would not give me their names.
We proceeded to the plane, which should have been in the air but was parked on our maintenance ramp. We opened the engine cowling and the union rep pulled the sensor. He checked the serial number and told everyone that it was the old instrument. We then went to the parts bay and went back into the racks. The union rep checked my report and pulled from the rack a sealed box. He opened the box and pulled out the engine temperature sensor with the serial number of the one I had installed. I was told that I was suspended for a week without pay and to leave immediately.
I sat at home the first day of my suspension wondering what the hell had happened to me. That evening I received a phone call. The voice told me “Now you know what happens to mechanics who poke around in things they shouldn’t. The next time you start working on systems that are no concern of yours you will lose your job. As it is I’m feeling generous, I believe that you’ll be able to go back to work soon” CLICK.
Again I had to pick myself from off the floor. I made the connection that what had happened was directly connected to my tracing the mysterious piping. The next morning the General Manager called me. He said that due to my past excellent employment record that the suspension had been reduced to one day and that I should report back to work immediately. The only thing I could think of was what are they trying to hide and who are THEY!
That day at work went by as if nothing had happened. None of the other mechanics mentioned the suspension and my union rep told me not to talk about it. That night I logged onto the Internet to try to find some answers. I don’t remember now how I got there but I came across your site. That’s when it all came together. But the next morning at work I found a note inside my locked locker. It said, “Curiosity killed the cat. Don’t be looking at Internet sites that are no concern of yours.”
Well that’s it. THEY are watching me.
Well you already know what they are doing. I don’t know what they are spraying but I can tell you how they are doing it. I figure they are using the “honey trucks”. These are the trucks that empty the waste from the lavatory waste tanks. The airports usually contract out this job and nobody goes near these trucks. Who wants to stand next a truck full of sh–. While these guys are emptying the waste tanks they are filling the tanks of the spray system. They know the planes flight path so they probably program the control unit to start spraying some amount of time after the plane reaches a certain altitude. The spray nozzles in the fake static wicks are so small that no one in the plane would see a thing.
God help us all,
A concerned citizen.”
Courtesy Henry Makow, Ph.D.
Exposing Feminism and the New World Order
http://www.savethemales.ca
Who Are The Illuminati?April 24, 2004
By Richard Stone 
“A loose affiliation of millionaires and billionaires” (Paul Simon).
“The world is governed by far different personages from what is imagined by those who are not behind the scenes” (Benjamin Disraeli).
“Give me control over a nation’s currency, and I care not who makes the laws” (Mayer Rothschild).
Conspiracy theory is the theory that most of the world is secretly governed by a small group of men who operate behind the scenes. Conspiracy theory is now an accepted turn of phrase but sometimes one hears the expression, sometimes whispered rather than spoken. “The Illuminati”.
What does this mean? Who are the Illuminati? They are, in essence, a cartel of international bankers and industrialists based in Western Europe and North America. The names of certain families persist over long periods of time. Some of the most important names are Rothschild, Rockefeller, Morgan, Lazard, Warburg, Schroder and Schiff.
The pivotal family is probably the house of Rothschild, the descendants of Mayer Rothschild (1743 – 1812) of Frankfurt. The male descendants of this family, for at least two generations, generally married first cousins or even nieces. The family established banking institutions in Vienna, London, Naples and Paris as well as Frankfurt. Ever since the middle ages, these families have been building their power by lending money at rates of interest to the monarchies and governments of Europe who were forever in debt, particularly in times of war. Sooner than tax the population to raise funds, always an unpopular measure, they usually preferred to borrow money from the money-lenders. This was the birth of the concept “the national debt.” The countries of the world are forever in debt but where there is a debtor there is a creditor – who is this money owed to? It is owed to this coterie of international bankers.
By the nineteenth century the power of the Rothschild family was immense. They increased their wealth with great cunning and cleverness, while maintaining a low public profile. A notable example of their methods was their exploitation of the battle of Waterloo. The Rothschilds had spies watching the course of the battle and as soon as became evident that Wellington had won, a Rothschild agent traveled at maximum speed to London, arriving hours before Wellington’s own messenger. Rothschild received the messenger and began conspicuously selling his stocks. The whole stock exchange assumed that Wellington had lost and Napoleon had won so everybody started selling, at this point, other Rothschild agents bought up huge stocks at give-away prices. Thus an already massive fortune was massively increased.
The Rockefeller family may be equally important. The pivotal figure in this family was J.D.Rockefeller, who made his fortune out of Standard Oil or Esso in Ohio and Pennsylvania. He also controlled the railroads. When rival road transport systems were established he attempted to block them by parking his trains across the roads at level crossings. His basic business technique was the elimination of competitors at all costs, followed by the establishment of a monopoly, followed by profit taking. He rapidly gained a name for huge wealth, secrecy and hard and dirty business practice. In his later years he had a harsh and gaunt appearance, so to counter his bad “public image” JD more or less invented the PR industry. He had short films of himself made, calculated to charm the public, himself playing golf with a pretty little child for instance. This film was shown on TV recently. It has a rather false and amateurish air but was very effective with the public of the day.
The Rockerfellers currently have controlling interests in Exxon (the world’s biggest company) and the Chase Manhattan Bank, which turns over trillions of dollars a week. With so many billions in their hands already, what does more money mean? Obviously it means more power and more control over other human beings, but to what end and in whose name?
Apparently in the name of Lucifer, the fallen angel also known as the bringer of light, hence the name “Illuminati”, which means “the enlightened ones”. Lucifer is also known for the characteristics of pride, deception and impermanence. The illuminati were apparently founded in Bavaria in 1770 by one Adam Weisshaupt, a student of the Jewish philosopher Mendelsohn, and backed by the Rothschild family. The society has always been based on the lodges of Freemasonry, which was taken over at the highest levels during the course of the eighteenth century by agents of the Illuminati. Freemasonry is a very secretive institution, to the extent that members at one level do not know what members at another level are doing. Hence it is an organisation which is full of bonhomie and good deeds at the lower and middle levels, while its motives and deeds at the highest levels veer towards the dark side.
Both Freemasonry and Judaism have strong roots in the ancient Egyptian systems of religious belief, and it was this very similarity which attracted the illuminati to Freemasonry, for most of them were Jewish. It is a source of controversy today to speculate whether or not they are still predominantly Jewish. No unfair racism intended – they either are or they aren’t. Certainly there is much evidence to suggest that they are not, George Bush for instance, a prominent illuminati figure and obviously not Jewish.

The United States of America is more or less a creation of Freemasonry. The symbol of Freemasonry was placed on the cornerstone of the Whitehouse, while the assembled Freemasons lodges stood and watched the ceremony. The famous all-seeing eye in the pyramid appears on the one dollar bill. It is one of the main symbols of Freemasonry. This bill also bears the inscription, in Latin, “1776, the year of inception of a new world order”. If one joins the dots formed by the stars of the thirteen original states one obtains an exact Star of David.
The goal of the IlIuminati is total control of the world. The only nations, which are holding out against their power, are some Islamic nations and China but this resistance is limited because the Illuminati have crushing economic power.
There are certain methods of subjugation and control which are indispensable to this power. The first is, of course, complete control over all financial systems, all borrowing and lending. All banks, all building societies, all insurance companies have to be under their control. At the lowest level even the smallest bank will be forced to toe the line. At the highest level the World Bank decides the fate of countries. It is an interesting and amazing fact that both the Federal Reserve Bank and the Bank of England are controlled by these Illuminati dynasties, in spite of the names of these banks, which suggest that they are run for public benefit. It is said that both Abraham Lincoln and John Kennedy wanted to change this system.
The second essential component is control of the media. It is controlled through business fashion. If the board meeting, or the management meeting, or the sales meeting, or the training meeting suggests that facts should be presented in a certain way, who is going to present them differently? There is an implied threat to one’s job and one’s career. Few people would gladly face demotion, retrenchment or the dole and most people are so ambitious they will do nearly anything “reasonable” to court favour with their superiors. This is how business is controlled and the media is the most important part of business, for it controls people’s minds. People are very suggestible and often lend more credence to what they see on “the box” than to what happens on their own street. The Illuminati know this and use this suggestibility factor to the full. Lenin’s key move during the Russian revolution was the capture of the radio station.
The third factor in the control system is the universities, and through them the whole education system. Particular effort is put into the schools of sociology, politics, economics and education, hence “liberal” systems of education which are often degenerate and even violent. Their men are inserted into the universities through the power of funding by big business. They then spread their influence downwards through tertiary to secondary and primary education.
The fourth factor is the enormous influence wielded by two similar organisations, The Council of Foreign Relations in the USA and the Royal Institute of International Affairs in England. These institutions are schools for statesmen, Illuminati statesmen. They are the stamping grounds of men such as Henry Kissinger, Zbigniew Brzezinksi and Lord Carrington. These two “think tanks” have a crucial influence on all US and British governments, no matter which party is “in power”. The statesmen produced by these institutions can and do decide the fate of nations.The tax-exempt foundations are also instruments of Illuminati power. The Ford foundation and the Rockefeller foundation are two prominent examples of this type of “charitable” institution. They were heavily involved in supporting various communist powers when the cold war was at its height. Communism versus capitalism arms race = more money and power for the Illuminati. So these are some of the structures through which the Illuminati work but what methods do they use?
Pitting one side against the other, using a theory devised by Hegel, which is: Thesis versus antitheses – synthesis.
Every force tends to have an opposite counterforce. The conflict between the two results in a new situation, the synthesis. The illuminati make it their business to be the synthesis. Thus no problem situation is ever “nipped in the bud” it is rather fostered and used, just as the Soviet Union was fostered and used.
The insertion of immigrant groups into countries is a variation of this divide and rule process. Each group can be played off against the other.
“Double talk” and “double think”. George Orwell knew instinctively what was going on when he invented these two expressions:
I categorically deny = it will happen a bit later.
Peace = war by another means.
To say one thing and do another is fundamental to Illuminati practice. They believe that the public will accept these lies through laziness and wishful thinking. Unfortunately they are usually correct.
“Keep them busy busy busy, back on the farm with the other animals.” We are kept so busy with business (or busyness) that we do not understand or participate in the decisions and events that will crucially affect our future.
When a real power move is made it is usually done secretly and suddenly often with the pretence that nothing has happened. There is preparation for opposition, but conflict is often not necessary as most people have been trained to be so passive that they will probably not create an effective opposition.
Use of front men in important positions. These front men have the characteristic of “servile obedience”, probably because of a blot or blots on their character which they are anxious to conceal. Most of the Presidents of the USA fall into this category. The current situation springs to mind. Behind the opponent stands the man with real power, who has long been groomed for this position. Men like Henry Kissinger, Zbigniew Brzezinski and George Bush are in this category.
The assassination of opposing leaders as quietly and as secretly as possible, so as to simulate a natural death. If this is not possible due to time constraints or other limited circumstances, surrogates are used and the lines of suspicion are covered by deception, false accusation and if necessary, multiple assassinations. Induced heart attacks, fake motor accidents and apparent suicides are also favoured methods of assassination.
Social engineering. An easily manipulated rabble is what is required. Mixed population groups with weak morals, weak traditions, low educational standards and weak group willpower are the aim. Those with special aptitudes can be taken out and trained to serve the illuminati for technical purposes, security purposes or as part of the propaganda apparatus. The middle class will become surplus to requirements and will be reduced to relative poverty.
Mockery and submission of the manners and morals of societies which show any resistance. Control of the media, the fashion industries and the education systems are essential components in this strategy. “Free love”, the cult of youth, mockery of the Christian and Muslim faiths also fall into this category. “I don’t give a rats ass about Jesus Christ” is one recent masterpiece from one of Hollywood’s biggest starts. He probably didn’t realise what he was saying, which makes him a “useful idiot’. A “useful idiot” is much more effective than a conscious supporter. By these means of subversion societies and nations are conquered from within and open battle is usually not necessary.
The conduct of unrelenting economic warfare. This is the real war and continues even while the bombs are falling and the bullets are flying. The important part is the control of the enemy’s economy after the conflict. The recent economic crash in the far-eastern countries is in reality an assertion of the Illuminati’s economic power, an expression of economic dominance. The Illuminati now control 10-15% of the Japanese economy. This is public knowledge, that is what has been bought at bargain prices. In reality they probably control much more.
Control and exploitation of the standards of public health. The sale of prescription drugs is a huge business generating mega profits. Medical operations and treatments can also be very profitable to big business. These extreme treatments have their place but are over-used for the sake of profit.
In fact big business, particularly the big drug companies, have a vested interest in the ill health of the population. These companies, working through the US Food and Drug Administration, have tried to suppress the health food industry. In this they have largely failed but now the game is to own it and control it so that health foods can only be afforded by the elite.
Argument through defamation of character. The factual debate is ignored while characters are defamed. This is usually a very effective technique as many human beings are very suggestible and seem reluctant to use their reasoning abilities. Thus a “smear campaign” can easily draw attention away from the facts.
To conclude, it is growing increasingly evident that a world government is developing, and many would say that it is probably no bad thing, but few have asked for what purpose this “new world order” is created. Nor have they asked themselves what the consequences will be. These consequences (or some of them) will probably be as follows:
• Increasing profits for big business, increasing poverty for the middle class (who they despise). A rapid decline in moral standards and the promotion of social decay.
• Transience. Jobs that don’t last; neighbourhoods that don’t last.
• Increasing levels of crime and violence.
• Decline and demise of public services; replacement by private enterprise – good service for the few who can afford it.
• Ongoing ill health for the bulk of the population because of stress; poor quality foods; food additives; genetic engineering; pollution and drugs. There may be good health for those who can afford it – only the rich and well informed.
• The gradual phasing out of national governments, which will have powers more like the regional governments of today.
• The formation of several conglomerations like the United States.
In time a world leader will be announced, a real one this time. A pity he will have a cynical contempt for the most of humanity. Do we deserve it?
The Origins of Modern BankingJanuary 2, 2004
Kieron MaFadden
“I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies. Already they have raised up a money aristocracy that has set the government at defiance. The issuing power should be taken from banks, and restored to the people.”  Thomas Jefferson 
 
Money was originally invented as a convenien alternative to barter, an alternative without which a highly developed civilisation like ours could not exist.
Imagine trying to pay the taxi driver with a bag of coal or the grocery bill with a box of spanners and a set of golf clubs. Imagine trying to carry all that around with you when you go shopping. As societies grew more complex and social roles became more specialised, the idea of money was conceived as a better and more flexible way to exchange, and thereby distribute among men, goods and services.
Money is quite simply an idea agreed upon among people that some system of tokens or symbols: discs of metal (coins) paper with symbols on it (notes) and so on, will be used by them to represent or stand proxy for goods and services and that those tokens can be exchanged for goods and services. One can then exchange the tokens rather than bags of coal, boxes of spanners or what-have-you and the tokens are easy to carry around. Its workability depends upon the participants’ confidence that those tokens are and will continue to be exchangeable for a certain amount of goods or services.
That’s all money is. It is no more complicated than that, although men may try to make it seem complex and hard to understand. The truth however, as truths tend to be, is simple; it is alterations of the truth – lies -that are complicated.
Many societies have used gold and silver coins as their tokens, then later pieces of paper to represent gold and silver coins, and later cheques and ledger entries to represent notes and coins and in modern times electronic money, the shifting and balancing of numbers in computer memories, alongside or in place of coins, notes and cheques. Thus when we receive a computer print-out of our bank statement saying we have £500 in our current account we usually visualise a stack of £l0 notes sitting in a vault somewhere, or perhaps a bag of gold coins, although in reality there is no pile of notes or bag of coins, merely the ledger-entry in an electronic memory Saying we have £500. Should we then write a cheque in order to spend £50 of it, the numbers in our ledger change to £450 and the payee’s account increases by £50, although no notes, gold or anything else move from one account to another.
Yet it works because we have confidence in it and trust it and we know we can change that £500 for real notes, real coins or real goods or services whenever we want to.
This evolution in the system of tokens we use to represent real goods and services comes about through a succession of bright ideas in the direction of making distribution and exchange more convenient, the movement of wealth between people smoother and faster. However, anything can be used for money, provided people agree to use it and have confidence in it. For instance dried yak dung was once used in Tibet, notched pieces of wood in Medieval England, leather discs in Medieval Europe and even cigarettes and tins of coffee in post-war Germany. The money in use in a country is called currency, from the word current, meaning prevalent, in circulation or in use.
Governments firm up that agreement and confidence by enshrining a particular system of tokens in law and demanding those tokens in payment of taxes. A particular system of creating, denominating, issuing and circulating money – currency – where backed by law and deemed by law the only recognised system, and which cannot be legally refused as payment of a debt, is called legal tender. Where barter is no longer practised, one has to possess those tokens in order to acquire goods and services from others. It is the medium of exchange. Tokens, be they yak dung, metal discs or numbers with the ‘£’ symbol in front of them, are exchanged back and forth between people instead of goods and exchange does now usually occur without the use of tokens or the promise of tokens on the future.
The way one acquires tokens is by producing something and then selling it to someone who has expressed his want for it by offering us some of his tokens. We do the deal and receive the tokens he has offered. Now we can go and exchange those tokens for other products that we desire, which we do not produce ourselves. Thus money enables goods and services to be exchanged among people and distribution of those goods and services to occur naturally, and according to the needs and wants of the participants.
The more of those tokens one possesses or is able to acquire through one’s production, the more one can if one wishes acquire goods and services from others. One can also store money in a safe or bank account without having to build a couple of warehouses in which to store container-loads of spare goods. Money therefore confers exchange power or spending power on he who possesses it in direct ratio to the amount of it he is able to offer up for exchange.
 GOLDSMITHS
In the old days gold was minted into coins and those coins, along with silver coins, formed the nation’s currency. Goldsmiths had strongboxes and vaults in which to securely store the precious metal with which they worked. It was natural enough then that other people took to asking the goldsmith to store their gold and gold coins in his vault and to pay the goldsmith for the service. A merchant (for example) would entrust to the goldsmith £20 worth of his own gold for safekeeping. When he handed over his gold, the goldsmith would provide him with a receipt or note promising to hand back the gold (pay the bearer on demand) whenever the depositor returned and presented the note. The receipt held by the depositor was in fact as good as gold because he could exchange it for his £20 worth of gold any time he chose. But the note was easier to carry around than heavy and bulky amounts of gold and easier to conceal, so the depositor was often content to leave his gold in the goldsmith’s safekeeping for long periods. In fact when the time came to pay for some commodity with his £20 of gold, instead of returning to the goldsmith, exchanging the receipt for the gold and then using the gold to pay for his purchase, it was more convenient for him simply to hand over his receipt to the seller. The seller was happy to accept the receipt in lieu of actual gold because it was more convenient to carry around and he knew that should he present it to the goldsmith, £20 of gold would be handed over to him.
Thus those gold receipts began to circulate and became the first paper money. People were happy to exchange them back and forth rather than the cumbersome gold they represented. The receipts had value because people were confident that in the goldsmith’s vault lay the gold, which they could redeem at any time.
Eventually the goldsmiths noticed that the gold left by depositors remained in their vaults for longer and longer periods. People turned up wishing to exchange their receipts for gold less and less often, and that the receipts they had issued to depositors circulated in its stead. It seemed a shame to have that gold just sitting there doing nothing. Why not lend some of it out for a while? If it just sat there for year after year the owner, the holder of the receipt, was not going to miss it if it were loaned to someone else for a period.
As long as there was enough gold in the vaults to satisfy anyone who did turn up with a receipt, then no-one would be any the wiser. So depositor Joe would leave £20 of gold with the goldsmith for safekeeping and depart with his receipt which he would then use as money in lieu of the gold and it would circulate. It might be years before anyone turned up with that £20 note asking for £20 of gold. Meanwhile Tom would turn up at the goldsmith’s asking to borrow £20 of gold and the goldsmith would lend it to him, demanding that it be paid back after a certain period at a certain amount of interest. But instead of lending Tom actual gold, the goldsmith would draw up a £20 receipt, just like the one depositor Joe had been given. Tom was happy to take the receipt in lieu of the gold because it was more convenient to carry around and people were happy to accept such receipts in payment for things.
So Tom went off with his £20 note, content that through it he was now in temporary possession of £20 of gold. But unbeknownst to Tom, Joe also has a receipt representing that gold. In other words there are now two notes in circulation representing the same £20 of gold! Clearly the goldsmith’s issuance of two receipts for the same amount of gold is fraudulent – particularly when Tom repays the gold he believes he has borrowed in real gold. As each receipt promises to hand over the same £20 of gold on demand, the goldsmith is making a promise he knows he cannot keep.
Several things are clear at the moment the second receipt was issued and entered circulation: new money has been created out of thin air; that new money has been loaned into existence; as the loan has interest charged upon it, then a debt has been created out of nothing that is greater than the amount of new money created.
And another thing: Tom will eventually return to the goldsmith and repay his £20 loan, say at 10% interest. He will therefore hand the goldsmith, £22 in real gold. In other words, the goldsmith, in creating that bogus receipt and lending it to Tom, is creating for himself, albeit after a delay, real debt-free gold worth more than the new money he loaned into existence! It gets worse.
After a while the goldsmith, seeing that his fraud is working pretty well, thinks that if he can issue two £20 receipts against the same £20 of gold, then why not two, three or even four?
So Joe deposits £20 of gold and the goldsmith gives him his receipt. In time four other people turn up at his shop wanting to borrow that £20 of gold. The goldsmith obligingly lends it to each of them at interest, giving each a receipt purporting to represent that £20 of gold. There are now five receipts in circulation representing the same deposit of gold, one for the original depositor and one for each of the four borrowers. For that deposit of £20, £80 (4x £20) of new money is created merely by writing on a fancy piece of paper.
If(say) £2 of interest (10%) is charged on each loan, at the same time that £80 of new money is created out of thin air, a debt of £88 is also created out of thin air.
Property is held as security against these loans so if the borrower fails to repay with real gold the fraudulent piece of paper he borrowed, the goldsmith takes his property.
Each time the goldsmith lends £20 of bogus gold he charges 10% interest on the loan. By lending out £20 four times over and charging £2 interest on each loan, the goldsmith makes a whopping 40% (four times £2) in interest on the £20 “reserves” that were not even his to begin with! The goldsmith cannot lose and soon begins to amass a fortune from his fraud. It is the greatest get-rich-quick scheme ever invented. And it is, in essence, the basis of the modern banking system.
The goldsmiths of yesteryear became the bankers of today and although paper money and latterly electronic money took over from gold, essentially the same fraud is being run.
 BANKERS
The business of lending pieces of paper pretending to be gold made the goldsmiths very wealthy and very influential men. Their easy wealth enabled them to move to upmarket premises. They became pillars of the community and some even became international financiers, lending money to kings and governments.
In the seventeenth century conflict between the bankers of the day and the Stuarts led the bankers to act in concert with bankers in Europe. They joined forces with those in the Netherlands to finance the invasion of England by William of Orange. William overthrew the Stuart Kings in 1688 and became King William III.
By the end of the 1600s England was in financial ruin, gold and silver supplies were running low and a costly civil war followed by costly wars with France and Holland, all in a fifty year period, had left her heavily in debt.
Government officials met with the financiers to negotiate the loans they needed. King William was £20 million in debt and he could not pay his army. Apparently it did not occur to William or anyone that if William needed to pay his army or get the economy going, all he had to do was have the government print its own money and use that to pay the troops -something that Abraham Lincoln would do successfully during the American Civil war nearly two hundred years later!
King William’s “friends”, the bankers, were willing to loan him the money he needed but the price they wanted for their “help” was high. They wanted a government-sanctioned but privately owned central bank that could; through fractional reserve lending, create money out of nothing and loan it to the government.
They got their way. In 1694 the world’s first privately owned central bank was created. It was to be called the Bank of England. The Bank’s charter included the following immortal words: “The bank hath benefit on the interest on all monies which it creates out of nothing.”
Instead of exercising its right to create money and spend it into the economy, the government had the bank create it, then lend it to the government so that the government could spend it into the economy, then pay the loans back later at interest. That completely unnecessary complication was to have devastating consequences for the futures of the English people.
As well as delivering extraordinary power over the nation into the hands of a privately owned business corporation, it began the National Debt, a debt that would go on increasing remorselessly over the ensuing years until it had reached around £380 billion in 1996, costs us around £30 billion a year in interest payments and is still climbing.
By the end of the 17th century, the goldsmiths’ scam had become respectable banking. The role of the banks in issuing money through lending to individuals and businesses had already become widely accepted. Thus there came to be established two routes by which money was borrowed into the economy: private and commercial borrowing on the one hand and government borrowing on the other. That combined debt in the present day has now soared to well over one trillion pounds.
In 1704, just ten years after the creation of the Bank of England, the banks’ promissory notes, on the recommendation of the bankers and financiers who advised the government, were declared legal tender.
Although the new central bank was an entirely privately owned corporation, the name chosen for it led generations of Englishmen to believe that it was part of their government, when it most certainly was not. Like any other privately owned corporation the new central bank sold shares to create its initial capital. Its investors – whose identities were never disclosed – were supposed to put up a total of £1 ¼ million in gold coin to purchase their shares. Only three quarters of a million was ever received.
Nevertheless, despite that minor technicality, the bank was chartered in 1694 and began the business of lending out several times the money it supposedly had in its reserves.
In exchange for this unique and immensely profitable privilege, the bank would very kindly lend the English, and later British, government as much money as it wanted, at interest, provided the debt was secured by direct taxation of the people.
 THE MODERN INCARNATION OF FRAUD
What happens when you or I, or for that matter the government, borrow money from the bank? Prepare yourself for a surprise.
Let’s say we want to borrow a £100,000 mortgage on a house. The bank or building society does what the goldsmith did and creates £100,000 out of thin air. Instead of handing us a paper certificate, it simply credits our bank account with the £100,000 and registers that £100,000 as a debt, with (say) a further £100,000 interest over 25 years. The money is simply penned into our account without any account anywhere being debited the loaned money. New money is therefore created. Alongside it a debt (in this case £100,000 plus the roughly £100,000 of interest) is created. When we repay the debt, the interest is accounted as income for the bank. The £100,000 we originally borrowed is withdrawn from circulation and is accounted as collateral for further lending, loaned back into circulation when someone else borrows.
Our house is held as security so if we fail to keep up our repayments, the creditor takes possession of it. The repayments themselves can vary through no fault of our own, according to interest rates set by the banking industry.
After 25 years of blood sweat and tears we finally pay back the last installment of the £200,000 capital-plus-interest we owed and the house in finally ours. It is not ours until that point.
The lender, who loaned us money which did not exist until the moment he created it out of nothing, winds up with £100,000 of interest on the loan: that is real, spendable income that comes courtesy of our real work and real wealth creation. The numbers have been simplified to highlight the nature of the fraud and in practise the process is hidden under a great deal of complexity but this in essence is the process of money creation.
Each time the banks create money they create a debt that is greater than the spending power they create. One can see too that each time they are creating a debt for the borrower, they are ultimately creating debt free money for themselves.
Before the goldsmiths’ scam began, the money in circulation was hard currency – usually gold or silver minted into coins which then circulated as the tokens used to represent goods and services. That minting and circulation of coinage was usually administered by the government or king.
However as soon as the goldsmiths’ certificates became used in lieu of gold, paper money had made an appearance. As soon as the goldsmiths began issuing paper notes for gold they did not actually have, the goldsmiths were themselves creating new money and lending it into circulation.
One can see that this establishes debt as the basis of our currency. Where once, long ago, the British pound represented something -so much gold or silver – it now represents so much debt, which is not only nothing it is less than nothing.
Extracted from: Your Business Under Siege…and the reasons why. Published by the BAMR, email: BAMR@bamr.fsnet.co.uk Tel: 01342410962 (UK)
 U.S. President James Garfield. A few weeks after making this statement, he was assassinated on July 12, 1818.
“Whoever controls the volume of money in any country is absolute master of all industry and commerce. And when we realize that the entire system is very easily controlled, one way or another, by a few very powerful men at the top, you will not have to be told how periods of inflation and depression originate.”
Does God Play Dice with the Universe?December 1, 2003
Rixon Stewart & Richard Stone – November 2004
“Physics has had to accept the indignity of the Principles of Uncertainty… instead of billiard ball particles like electrons, there are probability waves, instead of matter composed of particles and energy composed of waves there is light made of particles and objects made of matter waves. In this surreal sub-atomic world matter has ceased to have any solid form and has no more than a tendency to exist.” From ‘The Facts Of Life’ by Richard Milton
England’s churches are empty, their tiny congregations consist mainly of the elderly whilst the buildings themselves are looked upon as monuments – memorials to a tradition that some would say had outlived its usefulness. In its place there is a new God, an almighty God whose word is accepted virtually without question and whose name is Science.
Most of us have been brought up to believe that there is no body of thought more dependable than modern science. This belief system originated in the brilliant scientific discoveries of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries; Newton’s explanation of the fundamental laws of physics made the Old Testament’s description of creation seem rather quaint and obscure. Scientific medicine has beaten back the traditional killer diseases such as cholera, TB, Bubonic Plague and Typhus; whilst even the endemic tropical diseases such as malaria, Yellow Fever and the Tsetse fly have fallen under the control of modern science. Add to that the fact that modern conveniences such as electric power, effective plumbing systems and motorcars have transformed the lives of millions and it’s easy to see why science has achieved such authority.
Science has probed into the mechanics of matter as deeply as it can, achieving stunning results in every field. It is therefore not surprising that it has become the paramount belief system; in effect it has become a modern day religion.
But science has reached a sticking point and unbeknown to many this sticking point was reached a long time ago. In the earlier part of the last century scientists explained the mechanics of the atom, which was once considered the irreducible unit of matter. We were all taught about the proton, the neutron, and the electron but even in Einstein’s time, as early as the 1930’s, scientists were discovering the more convoluted world of the sub-atomic particle: particles even smaller than the atom such as the quark, the photon, the neutrino. Ever since then scientists have been engaged in this with challenging research: called ‘Quantum Physics,’’ Sub-Atomic Physics’ or ‘Particle Physics,’ it has largely been ignored by the general public in favour of the more spectacular scientific endeavours like space shots.
Yet research into particle physics is revealing a world far stranger than that yet encountered by space research. In this strange and elusive world there are particles with energy but zero mass (photons); there are also uncharged, unreactive particles with so little mass that they can fly through the earth as easily as a machine gun bullet passes through a bank of fog (neutrino).
In one notable experiment a particle was shot through a screen with a hole in it, the particle would go through the hole but scientists found it very difficult to say how often – but if two holes were made it actually seemed to pass through less often. One researcher remarked that ‘it is though it knew what we were up to’; indeed the researchers concluded that they could not conduct the experiment without becoming part of the experiment themselves.
Pinpointing the location of sub-atomic particles is also notoriously difficult. Some of them cannot be precisely located even though they are known to be present, but this is not for lack of method – it is the nature of the particles themselves. It is even thought that some particles have the ability to appear, and then disappear.
These almost magical qualities seem to defy logic, turning the laws that govern sub atomic physics into something that wouldn’t be out of place in Tolkien’s ‘Lord of the Rings’. The Chaos Theory, which is a way of explaining the behaviour of sub atomic particles, is a case in point; essentially it states that even very small occurrences can cause massive changes later on in a chain of interlinked events. Thus, say proponents of the Chaos Theory, the flapping of a Butterfly’s wings can ultimately lead to a tornado.
At this point the man in the street probably parts company with the scientists, who are after all supposed to be the high priests of our earth bound logic. Yet many of these scientists have separately come to one similar and rather disconcerting conclusion: namely that the neat mechanical logic of Newtonian physics breaks down completely when science is confronted with the world of sub-atomic physics.
Could it be that this mysterious, puzzling world is in fact the world of the spirit – the spiritual world that saints and mystics throughout history have sought to explore and reveal?
Einstein’s famous remark ‘God does not play dice with the universe’ is a clue, because maybe God does play dice with the universe – but according to his own bewildering set of rules. The gambling analogy is quite appropriate. Have you ever been gambling with a friend and felt miserably certain that your friend would win and you would lose? The winner usually possesses a healthy joie de vivre while the loser often harbours a sombre pessimism. In a sense this is an experiment with sub atomic particles because the dice, like everything else, contain sub atomic particles and it is impossible to experiment with them without affecting the experiment oneself. Perhaps the winner ‘pleases’ the particles whilst the pessimist ‘displeases’ them.
Nor are these the only examples of scientific research that lead us back toward a more spiritual perspective on reality. Dr. Hugh Ross in his book ‘Creator and the Cosmos’ describes how scientists can set up a computerised model of the cosmos as it relates to the creation of life on earth. But one factor makes life on this planet seem so improbable as to be virtually impossible. Life on earth needs certain amounts of heavy elements such as iron to exist. Scientists are agreed that the explosion of a supernova creates heavy elements, but if the supernova were too close when it exploded it would have damaged the earth too badly for it to support life. On the other hand if it were too far away there would not have been enough of the required heavy elements on earth to support life. The odds against getting the balance right were enormous, so poor in fact that it should have never have happened. And that was only one of at least eight different factors essential for life with similarly phenomenal odds against a favourable outcome.
There is a similar puzzle in the field of Biology. Science theorises that lightening striking a pond full of protein molecules created life on earth. It is possible to put this scenario into a computer model, bringing together all the complex protein molecules to form still more complex molecules, ultimately building a computer model of primitive life. Something like building a Lego model of vast complexity with various components swimming into precisely the right position quite by chance. But once again, according to the mathematical laws this should never have happened, and moreover, even if it did there is no proof whatsoever that lightening would make the end product live.
So why did it happen, if indeed it did?
As Astrophysicist Sir Fred Hoyle put it, “A Super intellect has monkeyed with physics, as well as with chemistry and biology.”
Another point of contention between the scientists and the creationists is evolution, but both camps have ignored the obvious fact that their ideas do not necessarily contradict each other. For example, it could argued that man was created by a spiritual power and then evolved to his present state; on the other hand it could also be contended that man evolved and was then ‘chosen’ by higher powers to develop still further. Both ideas encompass the two viewpoints, but the real sticking point is the Darwinists insistence that mankind evolved from Apes. This theory has always infuriated Christian fundamentalists but the idea is an understandable one for scientists, given the obvious similarities between apes and men. Crucially however, no ‘missing link’ has never been found, and every time a new candidate is discovered, human remains older than the ‘missing link’ are unearthed.
Far more problematic for the Darwinists is the total lack of evidence for an evolutionary link between reptiles and mammals. Mammals have a single lower jaw, reptiles have six; mammals have six ear bones while reptiles have one; so it should be a simple matter to come up with a few fossils of a ‘missing link’ between these two huge families in the animal kingdom, but not a single such fossil has ever been found. Even more problematic is the question of the history of the universe, its beginning and its end. One cannot be but stunned when one reads of the depth and brilliance of scientific researches into this question: ‘from Einstein’s work on general relativity came the recognition that there must be an origin for matter and energy and from Penrose, Hawking and Ellis’s work came the acknowledgment that there must be an origin for space and time too.’ (1)
It seems that just before the Big Bang there was a state called ‘Singularity’, a state of infinite density and unlimited temperature; which begins to sound uncomfortably like a super-natural state and once again science has tried to get out of this but could not. The universe, say scientists, is expanding after the Big Bang and can be contracted in a scientific model back to 10 -34 seconds after the event. Speculation abounds about this tiny interval of time, but the model has not been disproved and probably never will be.
So science has no explanation for the beginning, nor it seems, the end. What we are left with is Stephen Hawking’s conclusion that the universe begins and ends in ‘singularities’ where the laws of physics and materialistic science simply do not work. Which calls to mind the words, ‘I am the Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end,’ because the scientific evidence is beginning to point to an absolute power, an almighty creative force that is beyond the realm of human understanding, a God if you like.
However this article is not intended to direct the reader to any one particular form of spiritual belief but rather toward spiritual investigation as a whole. Taoism, Hinduism, Buddhism, Islam and Christianity are all good starting points, particularly if one looks at the original source material — because religions tend to become distorted over time due to misinterpretation and the machinations of those in power. So start at the beginning and enjoy the journey, because like the story, it’s a never-ending one.
(1) Fingerprints Of The Gods.
Sources: ‘Creator and Cosmos’ and ‘The Fingerprints of the Gods’ by Hugh Ross. ‘In Search Of The Edge Of Time’ by John Gribbin. ‘The Facts Of Life’ by John Milton.
